* Cover Cover { { { 1 ! [ Falling Fast ] ( images / falling - fast . jpg )


* Title Page Title Page { { { 1 # Falling Fast


# # McGregor and Drummond book 1


# # Neil Broadfoot


* Copyright Copyright { { { 1 Copyright Neil Broadfoot 2014 , 2019 .


The moral right of the author has been asserted .


All characters and events in this publication , other than those clearly in the public domain , are fictitious and any resemblence to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .


No part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system or transmitted , in any form or by any means , without the prior permission of the publisher , nor to be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent publisher .


* * *


Cover design and typesetting by Ed James


[ ! [ Vellum flower icon ] ( images / vellum - created . png ) Created with Vellum ] ( http : / / tryvellum . com / created )


* Contents Contents { { { 1 # Contents


[ Chapter 1 ] ( chapter - 001 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 2 ] ( chapter - 002 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 3 ] ( chapter - 003 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 4 ] ( chapter - 004 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 5 ] ( chapter - 005 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 6 ] ( chapter - 006 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 7 ] ( chapter - 007 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 8 ] ( chapter - 008 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 9 ] ( chapter - 009 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 10 ] ( chapter - 010 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 11 ] ( chapter - 011 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 12 ] ( chapter - 012 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 13 ] ( chapter - 013 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 14 ] ( chapter - 014 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 15 ] ( chapter - 015 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 16 ] ( chapter - 016 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 17 ] ( chapter - 017 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 18 ] ( chapter - 018 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 19 ] ( chapter - 019 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 20 ] ( chapter - 020 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 21 ] ( chapter - 021 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 22 ] ( chapter - 022 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 23 ] ( chapter - 023 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 24 ] ( chapter - 024 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 25 ] ( chapter - 025 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 26 ] ( chapter - 026 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 27 ] ( chapter - 027 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 28 ] ( chapter - 028 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 29 ] ( chapter - 029 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 30 ] ( chapter - 030 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 31 ] ( chapter - 031 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 32 ] ( chapter - 032 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 33 ] ( chapter - 033 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 34 ] ( chapter - 034 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 35 ] ( chapter - 035 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 36 ] ( chapter - 036 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 37 ] ( chapter - 037 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 38 ] ( chapter - 038 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 39 ] ( chapter - 039 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 40 ] ( chapter - 040 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 41 ] ( chapter - 041 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 42 ] ( chapter - 042 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 43 ] ( chapter - 043 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 44 ] ( chapter - 044 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 45 ] ( chapter - 045 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 46 ] ( chapter - 046 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 47 ] ( chapter - 047 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 48 ] ( chapter - 048 . xhtml )


[ Chapter 49 ] ( chapter - 049 . xhtml )


* Dedication Dedication { { { 1 Almost twenty - five years ago , I made a promise to a very special woman .
So this one has to be for my Gran , Edna Wright , who probably would have needed a whisky and lemonade ( ‘ Though just a wee one , John ’ ) after reading about all the daft buggers I ’ve dreamed up , but would have been proud of me anyway .


* Praise for Neil Broadfoot Praise for Neil Broadfoot { { { 1 “ Broadfoot is here , and he 's ready to sit at the table with some of the finest crime writers Scottish fiction has to offer ” — Russel D . McLean


* * *


“ Broadfoot is the real deal ” — [ Crimesquad . com ] ( http : / / Crimesquad . com )


* * *


“ Broadfoot is destined for crime success ” — Dundee International Book Prize Judges


* * *


“ [ Broadfoot ’s ] best so far .
Great set of new characters , wonderfully grisly and grim , and a cracking pace .
Top stuff ! ”
— James Oswald


* * *


“ Falling Fast by Neil Broadfoot .
Scotland is n’t going to run out of great crime fiction any time soon . ”
— Chris Brookmyre


* * *


“ This is Broadfoot ’s best to date , a thriller that delivers the thrills : energetic , breathlessly pacey and keeping you guessing till the end . ”
— Craig Russell


* * *


" Neil Broadfoot hits the ground running and does n't stop .
With the very beating heart of Scotland at its core , your heart too will race as you reach the jaw dropping conclusion of this brilliant thriller .
First class ! ”
— Denzil Meyrick


* * *


" Neil Broadfoot displays his considerable talent by drawing a complex cast of characters examining crime and the past from an array of angles .
A frantic , pacy read with a compelling hero in Connor Fraser . "
— Steve Cavanagh


* * *


“ Tense , fast - moving and bloody .
Broadfoot ’s best yet . ”
— Mason Cross


* * *


“ An explosive , gripping page - turner with dark and utterly twisted murders .
Simply brilliant ! ”
— Danielle Ramsay


* * *


“ An atmospheric , twisty and explosive start to a new series by one of the masters of Scottish fiction .
Get your wee mitts on it . ”
— Angela Clarke


* * *


“ Disturbing political unrest and psychological horror written with great confidence by Neil Broadfoot , who has one hand on Ian Rankin ’s crown as the king of Scottish crime . ” — Michael Wood


* * *


“ [ A ] gritty and fast - moving tale of shifting loyalties set against the backdrop of Scottish and Irish politics . ”
— Nick Quantrill


* Other books by Neil Broadfoot Other books by Neil Broadfoot { { { 1 * * McGregor & Drummond * *


1 .
Falling Fast 2 .
The Storm 3 .
All The Devils


* * *


* * Connor Fraser * *


1 .
No Man ’s Land 2 .
No Place to Die


* Chapter 1 Chapter 1 { { { 1 # 1


For an instant she believed she had become the angel he always told her she was .
Suspended there – time congealing as the city unfolded towards the horizon , the cold air searing her lungs – she felt as though she could reach into the flawless blue of the November sky and touch Heaven itself .


Up here , away from the arguments , the fear , the hatred , she had finally found the peace that had escaped her for so long .
She smiled , realising he had been right all along .
At the time , she had thought him naive , but now she realised what he had said was true ; all you needed was the strength to believe .


Faith .


But instead of Heaven , it was Hell that claimed her .
Her stomach lurched as gravity yanked her brutally to earth , the ground hurtling towards her .
The howling wind tore at her eyes and pinned them open as it roared in her ears , drowning out all other sounds , including her own rising scream .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Brian Edwards slipped into East Princes Street Gardens at the entrance next to the Scott Monument , dodging people without really being aware of it , eyes already scouting out a good spot where he could take a seat , eat his lunch and admire the view as he tried not to think about the job he was quickly coming to despise ; the computer screen and customer service calls he would have to return to in just an hour .
He had spotted a few suits on the way here , all with the same anaesthetised look he noticed every time he looked in the mirror at work .
Was this really it ?
Was this what he had become at twenty - four , just another wage slave staggering around Edinburgh ’s financial services sector ?
Clinging to whatever shitty job was available like it was a chunk of wreckage from the Titanic after the recession iceberg hit , too scared to let go , spending the days punching in numbers and giving customers your best ‘ here to help ’ voice , while filling your notepads with doodles of chairs hooked up to car batteries and computer screens exploding in a spray of glass and smoke ?


Spotting a potential seat on the grass beside the Monument , Brian made his way forward .
He got about two steps when the first scream rang out , freezing him .
His head darted around , heart hammering from the fright as he tried to see who had screamed and wh …


A dull whump rang out to his left , shock juddering through his body as though God had clapped His hands next to his ear .
Something warm splashed onto his side and his left cheek .
Brian instinctively flinched away , losing his footing and falling heavily to the ground .
More screams now , drowning out the steady drone of buses and cars on Princes Street .
Gasps of panic and fear ; choked , thick gargling as someone was violently sick ; hysterical sobbing : all crowding in on Brian ’s shock - addled senses .


‘ Aw Christ , no , no . ’


A baby mewling , quickly rising to a high , keening wail like a dentist ’s drill .


‘ … call an ambulance … ’


‘ … no help … ’


‘ … be sick … ’


He reached up , trying to wipe at whatever had splashed onto his face .
His hand came away bloody .
Brian felt all heat drain from his body .


_SHOT ! _ his mind screamed .
A few days ago , he had read in the _Capital Tribune_ about groups of neds running around the city , taking pot - shots with BB guns at anyone that took their fancy .
He ’d walked with hunched shoulders ever since .


_You ’ve been shot .
Some stupid little fuck with an airgun ’s got off a lucky shot and … _


‘ Help ! ’
Brian cried in a high , wavering voice that was almost a scream .
‘ Help me please , someo … ’


His voice died in his throat as he looked at where the thumping sound had come from .
To his left …


_Oh Jesus , Jesus , Jesus , please no . Don ’ tlookdon ’ tlook . _


But he had to look .
And when he did , he saw the entire scene with such horrific clarity he thought it would drive him insane .


A body lay in the grass about a foot from him , twisted and broken .
Bone peeked out from several places like a hedgehog ’s spines – driven through flesh and clothing by the force of the impact and glinting a hellishly brilliant white in the heatless early afternoon sun .
With the terror and adrenalin , it was like looking at the scene with a microscope .
He could see tiny flecks of fabric , blood and ruptured skin hanging like bloody streamers from some of the bones .


All he wanted was to look away , but he could n’t .
He could feel the images branding themselves into his mind , knew he would be revisiting them for the rest of his life .
But then his eyes moved towards the head , and Brian felt his mind give a sickening wrench that made him want to die .


_Don ’ tlookdon ’ tlookohsweetjesusbriandon ’ tLOOKatthe … _


… head that had crumpled open on impact .
Brian tried to suppress the growing scream clamouring in his mind and looked at the mangled mess of dark , almost black blood and oozing grey brain matter …


_Porridge and blackcurrant jam_ , he thought , and cackled .


… which , in the sunlight , winked and sparkled from between clotted masses of what looked like blonde hair .
He wiped his hand across his face again …


_Bloodandbrainbloodandbrainbloodandbrain . _


… knowing what he would find .
A siren wailed somewhere in the distance ; Brian could just hear it over the roaring in his ears .
He began to wipe and claw frantically at himself , trying to get the blood …


_AndbrainsbloodandBRAINS . _


… off .


Tears slid down Brian ’s cheeks as he finally began to scream , his own blood – from the welts he had dug into his face and hands – mingling with that of whoever it was that had just jumped off the Scott Monument and landed just a few inches away from him .


* Chapter 2 Chapter 2 { { { 1 # 2


Doug McGregor was just settling down to his first pint when the phone rang .
He glanced over to the bar , where the Halfway House ’s owner , Mike Granger , gave him a scowl sour enough to curdle the head on his Guinness .
As the cracked burgundy leather booth seats , sanded floors and sepia - toned pictures that dotted the bar ’s walls showed , Mike was a traditionalist who believed everything that came after the Sixties was either a waste of time or a complete fuck - up .
It was n’t hard to guess which category mobile phones fell in .


Doug shrugged his shoulders and gave Mike what he hoped was an apologetic smile as he dug the phone out of his pocket and read the screen .
‘ WALTER – Office ’ , it flashed .
Doug ’s finger hovered over the answer key as the thought of just switching the damn thing off flitted across his mind .


He could sell it , too .
After all , he was in the sticks , all the way out in Prestonview on the outer edge of East Lothian to be exact , and everyone knew that mobile phone reception could get patchy this far out of town .


Sighing , he pressed answer and clamped the phone to his ear .


‘ Walter , lovely to hear from you , ’ he hissed into the phone , painfully aware that he , Mike and a flea - bitten mutt called Denver were the only living things in Prestonview ’s most popular social venue at that moment .
‘ How ’s my favourite news editor today ? ’


‘ All the better for hearing your sweet voice , ’ came the gruff , Glasgow - tinged response .
‘ Where ur ye ? ’


Doug glanced up at Mike , who was busying himself restocking juice bottles behind the bar and trying his hardest not to make it so obvious he was listening intently to every word Doug said .


‘ You know , the usual , ’ Doug said .
‘ Just checking out a few things . ’


‘ A few things that come in pint glasses , I ’ll fuckin ’ bet , ’ Walter grunted down the phone .
‘ You getting anywhere with that yet ?
Any lines on McGinty ? ’


‘ No , ’ Doug replied slowly , dropping his voice and clamping the phone closer to his ear .
‘ And to be honest , this is n’t the best time to talk about it , Walter . ’


‘ Awww , ’ Walter replied , ‘ did I call at a bad time ? ’


‘ Well … ’


‘ Tough shit .
You may be able to persuade the boss that sitting in a pub is cutting - edge investigative journalism , but no ’ me .
I need you to check something out for me . ’


Doug sighed and pushed his pint across the table and out of reach .
It was n’t as if he really wanted it anyway .
Too early in the day .
But sitting in a small - town pub , asking delicate questions and ordering an orange juice was just asking for trouble .
He knew answering the phone had been a bad idea .
‘ What ’s up ? ’


‘ Had a jumper about an hour and a bit ago , ’ Walter said , trying – and failing – to keep the edge of relish out of his voice .
‘ Someone took a dive off the Scott Monument .
Made a hell of a mess , by all accounts . ’


Doug sat forward , suddenly interested .
He glanced at his watch .
Just after 1.30pm .
‘ I take it you managed to get something for second edition ? ’ he asked cautiously .
The last thing he needed to hear right now was Walter telling him that the paper was waiting to run a third edition and he was up to write the story .
Hitting the newsstands at 5pm , the copy deadline would be 2.30pm to get the new pages to the printers in time .
Tight turnaround .
Ah , the happy life of the crime reporter .


‘ Yeah , ’ Walter grunted , clearly unhappy with what the paper had managed to get on the story so far .
‘ It was sketchy though .
Unidentified suicide victim , witnesses said this , body declared dead at scene , all the usual boring shit . ’


‘ So what do you need from me ? ’


‘ Details , ’ Walter replied in a you - know - better - than - that tone .
‘ The cops are playing this one very close to their chests , and I thought that with your contacts , you could get us the inside track on what happened and who this person was . ’


‘ Aw , come on , Walter , ’ Doug said , reaching for his pint again , raising it slightly as Mike glanced over .
‘ Someone else can do that , surely ?
You know what I ’ m trying to do here . ’


‘ Skive as much as possible ? ’
He paused for a moment , his voice becoming softer and more serious .
Doug could almost see Walter back at the _Capital Tribune_ ’ s offices , slouched in his chair , a meaty paw engulfing the phone ’s receiver , clamping it conspiratorially close to his mouth .


‘ Yeah , Doug , I know .
And I know you ’ll get something .
But this wo n’t take long .
And it ’s a splash on a day when fuck - all else is looking like a contender .
So get on it , okay ? ’


‘ Yeah , ’ Doug sighed , glancing at his watch again .
‘ I ’ll get back to you as soon as . ’


‘ I can hardly wait , ’ Walter replied , then cut the line .


* Chapter 3 Chapter 3 { { { 1 # 3


Sam McGinty stood in the middle of his living room , listening to the phone ’s shrill ring as it cut through the silence .
He glanced up nervously at the front window , checking again that the heavy curtains Rita had pleaded for him to put up that morning were drawn tight against the afternoon sun and the army of reporters that had laid siege to their home .


Fucking vultures .


It has started again last week , just as he and Rita were starting to fool themselves into believing it _would n’t _ start again .
It began as it always did : a polite phone call first , asking for a quote on the latest development .
When this was greeted with the usual response – which , depending on how stubborn the reporter was and how many calls Sam had already taken that day , ranged from polite to ‘ fuck off ’ – they started knocking on the door .


Always in pairs these days though , and always with a photographer at the end of the garden path , camera eagerly trained on Sam , ready to capture him if he lost his temper again .
He had only done that once , after a particularly bad spell that had reduced Rita to a whimpering wreck of a woman , scared of her own shadow ; a crude parody of the woman Sam had met and fallen in love with all those years ago at the Newtongrange Pit dance .
After a fortnight of constant calls and door knocks , Sam had finally answered his door .


The journalist who had been knocking was some zit - faced little shit , apparently from one of the bigger Glasgow - based tabloids if his nasal drone was anything to go by .
He had forgotten all his questions as soon as the door opened and he caught sight of the axe Sam was holding .


The memory of the look on the little bastard ’s face still brought a smile to Sam ’s face .


‘ Sam ?
Sam , you down there ? ’
Rita ’s voice , calling down from the top of the stairs .


‘ Yeah , love .
I ’ m here .
You okay ? ’


‘ What do you think ? ’ she replied , trying for levity and failing .
He could hear the tension in her voice , the anxiety .
She tried to hide it from him , tried to be strong , but they both knew how much this took out of them .
The passing of the years did n’t make it any easier .


And all because of their one and only son ; the apple of their eye , their precious gift from God .


The little cunt who had made their lives a misery .


‘ You want a cup of tea , love ? ’


‘ Yes , please , ’ Rita called back .
‘ But pull the phone out of the wall first , will you ?
The ringing ’s bringing my headache back . ’


‘ No problem . ’
Sam made for the phone .
He meant to simply pull it out of the wall , but as he reached out , anger scalded through him .
This was no way to live , held a virtual prisoner in your own home by a bunch of slimy hacks who thought nothing of hounding an old man and woman out of their minds in search of a juicy quote to feed a scandal - hungry public .
He thought of the pack of journalists camped across the road right now , camera lenses hanging out of saloon car windows as they tried to blend in and not look suspicious .
He had counted four cars this morning , knew there would be more by the end of the day .
There were no TV camera crews yet , but it was early and they would turn up sooner or later .
After all , Derek McGinty was the biggest story of the day .


Sam snatched up the phone , the arthritis in his knuckles moaning as he clenched the handset as hard as he could and tried to ignore the stinging heat behind his eyes .


‘ Listen , ’ he hissed , ‘ I do n’t know who you are , and I do n’t care who you work for .
We have n’t heard anything from Derek , and we wo n’t .
You think he ’d come within fifty miles of this place with you parasites hanging around ? ’


Silence on the other end of the line .
No , not quite silence ; Sam could faintly hear breathing through the static and distortion .
Whoever was calling , they were on a crap line .


‘ Fine , ’ Sam snarled , his vision jumping with his heartbeat as his blood roared through his ears .
‘ Whoever you are , fuck you .
You ’re nothing more than a fucking coward , a fuc … ’


‘ Dad . ’


Sam jumped as though the phone had been electrified .
The rage and frustration drained out of him , replaced by a numbing cold that twisted around his stomach and up his spine .
He heard himself gasp as though he had just been punched in the guts .
When he spoke , his voice was a rasping whisper .
No surprise .
It was hard to talk properly when it felt as though your lungs had been filled with concrete .


‘ D …
Derek ?
Derek , that you ? ’


‘ Yeah , Dad , it ’s me . ’
The voice was flat , hard , full of the old Derek defiance .
Sam had first heard that tone when Derek was about sixteen , just at the point things started to get really bad .
Derek had stolen his old air rifle , taken it into the woods that sprawled across the hills behind Prestonview for a bit of hunting .
It was an asthmatic old .77 , not powerful enough to kill anything he shot .
But Sam knew Derek did n’t care about that .
He was more interested in watching things suffer .


After finding the gun missing from the shed , Sam had headed into the woods , which was Derek ’s favourite place to play .
He found his son crouched over a rabbit he had shot , watching its chest rising and falling rapidly , mouth snapping for air , blood oozing slowly from the pellet holes peppering its body .


He had snatched the rifle from Derek , knocked the little shit off his feet with one heavy - handed slap to the back of the head .
Sam hesitated over the rabbit , swallowed back the bile rising in his throat , then caved its head in with the butt of the rifle .
Better that than a slow , lingering death with Derek leering over it .


‘ What the fuck you thinking , you wee shit ? ’
Sam had roared , barely resisting the urge to deal with Derek the way he had with the rabbit .
‘ Why the fuck would you do something like this ? ’


‘ Dunno , ’ Derek had grunted , rubbing the back of his neck , dark eyes ( so like his mother ’s , Sam had thought ) glaring back .
‘ Wanted to see what it was like firing it , is all . ’
The voice the same as the one on the other end of the phone now ; disconnected , cold .
Defiant .


‘ Dad ?
You still there ? ’


Sam took a deep breath , blinked away the past .
‘ Where the fuck are you ?
It ’s like a bloody circus here .
There ’re cameras and reporters everywhere .
Your mother ’s up to ninety . ’


‘ What the fuck you want me to do about it ? ’
Derek snapped .
‘ I didnae ask for this , did I ?
You want me to say sorry ?
I ’ m sorry , okay ? ’


‘ Bit late for that , is n’t it ? ’
Sam winced as he spoke , but he could n’t help it .
He could feel the anger starting to glow again , hot coals being fanned .


On the other end of the line , Derek sighed , impatient .
‘ Look , is there any way you can get away from the house without being seen ? ’


Sam ’s stomach gave an oily lurch .
Here it came .
He fought the urge to just slam the phone down , leave his son hanging .
After everything , no one would blame him , least of all Rita , but …


But …


‘ Dad ? ’


‘ Yeah , ’ he replied , voice dropping to a whisper as he glanced at the stairs , praying Rita had n’t heard .
‘ Where ? ’


‘ They ’ve not built on the old railway yet , have they ? ’


‘ No , ’ Sam replied .
The old railway was the former East Coast line that ran along the spine of Prestonview on its way through East Lothian and into Edinburgh .
It was once the main way of getting both people and coal from the pits into the capital city .
Now it was a tarmacked walkway intended for and mostly ignored by pedestrians , cyclists and all those who thought they could put a little distance between themselves and the inevitable hole in the ground by wheezing their way through a run .


‘ Great .
Remember where you caught me smoking that time ? ’


Sam nodded , recalling a gnarled old tree at the side of a railway bridge .
It was when Derek was about eleven : Johnny Evans , who ’d worked at the pit years ago and now ran the local newsagents , had called Sam and told him he ’d seen Derek with a few other kids who had bought a packet of Regal for a fly puff .


‘ The kid I sold them to was old enough , ’ Johnny said , voice sharp with guilt .
‘ But when I saw Derek , I thought you ’d want to know . ’


Sam had wanted to know .
And it had n’t been hard to figure out where Derek would be .
He had loved to climb that tree .
Loved to do other things there , too .


Other things …


‘ Yeah , ’ Sam said , suddenly exhausted .
The phone was getting heavy .
‘ When ? ’


‘ It ’ll take me a while to get there .
Tomorrow , say about eight o’ clock ? ’


‘ In the morning ? ’


Derek ’s laughter grated down the phone .
It sounded like the background static that crackled on the line .
‘ No , Dad , ’ he said slowly , as though talking to a dim child .
‘ At night .
It ’ll be dark then .
And quiet . ’


‘ Oh , silly me .
Of course . ’
Sam ’s voice hardened .
He ’d almost forgotten Derek ’s casual cruelty .
Almost .


He was vaguely aware of Derek hissing down the phone . ‘ … fer fuck ’s sake , Dad , it ’s not as if … ’


But Sam had already slammed the phone down .
His whole body shook as he fought back the tears .
He looked around at the room forced into gloom on a bright autumn day , cursing his son for bringing this on them , and himself for not being able to shut that son out of his life .


* Chapter 4 Chapter 4 { { { 1 # 4


After hanging up on Walter , Doug ’s first move had been to finish his pint .
He did n’t want it , sure as hell did n’t need it , especially if he was driving .
But it was the job .
After all , it would n’t help to be seen as the type of guy who dropped everything the moment his boss tugged at his leash .


He drained the Guinness deliberately , just slowly enough to look casual , then returned the glass to bar as he got up to leave .


‘ That you away , then ? ’
Mike asked .
It never failed to amaze Doug how stating the blatantly obvious could be passed off as conversation .


‘ Yeah , that ’s me , no rest for the wicked . ’
He gave a heavy sigh , hoping Mike would understand that leaving his pub was the last thing he wanted to do .
‘ Listen , Mike , if you happen to hear anything about … ’


Mike waved the rest of Doug ’s words away with a large , pale hand .
‘ No problem , ’ he said softly , eyes straying to where Denver lay , a pile of matted fur snoring loudly on the floor .
‘ If I hear anything about McGinty , I ’ll let you know .
Do n’t think there ’s a chance in hell that he ’ll come back to Prestonview though . ’


Doug nodded his thanks and headed for the door .
In truth , he agreed with Mike – family ties or no , the man would have to be either a complete fuckhead or totally suicidal to return to his home town .
But still , there was always the chance .
The press pack camped outside his mum and dad ’s front door would n’t help , but if there was even a sniff of the bastard in Prestonview , Mike would hear about it .


It was the nature of small towns .
As a talking shop and confessional , the local – and in Prestonview ’s case , only – pub did more trade than a church .
And thanks to a month of afternoon pints , nightly visits and conversations about the state of the local Under 16 ’s football team , which just happened to have Mike ’s grandson Kenny playing centre forward – a fact Doug had been very careful to give prominence when he wrote up a match report on them for the _Tribune_ ’ s weekend round - up – Doug was now seen as a member of the congregation .
An occasional member who always turned up late and sang out of tune maybe , but at least they were talking to him .
If Mike heard anything , he ’d tell him .


Outside , the sky ’s earlier brightness had given way to a smear of bruised cloud and anaemic sunlight .
There was a smell of rain in the air .
Doug unlocked his car ( which , save Mike ’s battered old Cortina , was the only visitor to the car park ) , got in and dug his phone out of his pocket .
He punched a pre - programmed hot key and listened as the phone dialled and began to ring .


‘ Hello , CID .
Detective Sergeant Drummond speaking . ’


‘ Hiya , Susie .
How ’s tricks ? ’


A sigh at the other end of the line .
She ’d been expecting him to call for most of the morning .
‘ Doug .
What a surprise .
Ca n’t think why you ’d be calling me today . ’


‘ You know me , I love to be unpredictable .
Listen , Walter wants me to get something on the Scott Monument diver .
Any chance you can fill in some of the blanks for me ? ’


A pause on the other end of the line .
Then Susie ’s voice , quieter than before , more aware of those around her and who could be listening in .


‘ You must be psychic , ’ she said .
‘ I ’ m heading down to the lock - up just now about that .
If you ’re around the Cowgate in about half an hour , we could maybe meet up after that ? ’


‘ Love to , ’ Doug replied brightly .
‘ Give me a call when you get free and I ’ll meet you . ’


‘ You could always come in for a tour if you wanted , ’ Susie teased , knowing there was n’t a chance in hell that Doug would ever set foot inside the city mortuary , known by police officers throughout Edinburgh as ‘ the lock - up ’ .


‘ Nice to see you ’re still working on that sense of humour , Susie . ’


‘ Is n’t it , though ? ’ she shot back .
‘ See you soon . ’


Doug clicked his phone off and started his car , enjoying the throaty growl as he over - revved the engine .
His parents were right , he knew it deep down .
The car , a low - slung roadster with a ridiculously large engine , was painfully expensive to insure and an invitation to rack up even more points on his already colourful licence .
But fuck it , it was fun .
At thirty - three , the boy racer in him was n’t quite dead yet .


He drove out of the car park , took a left and crawled along the main street , which was a long , grey downhill of newsagents , bakeries and betting shops that gave way to about a dozen old - style granite homes with huge lawns , heavy double doors and white - painted window frames ; one of the few lingering signs that Prestonview was once a town with money and success .


Doug stayed on the 30 mph limit until the road widened and he saw the national speed limit sign .
‘ You are now leaving Prestonview , ’ the East Lothian Council sign read .
Some comedian had scrawled ‘ _Away tae ’ Fuck_ ’ over the sign in spray - paint .
Smiling , Doug dropped down into second and hammered the accelerator .
The car leapt forward , almost as eager as he was for the narrow , winding roads that would take him along the coast and back to Edinburgh .


* Chapter 5 Chapter 5 { { { 1 # 5


Doug pulled into a space on High School Wynd , a narrow cobbled lane just off the Cowgate and next to the city mortuary .
The car ’s engine seemed to sigh a little when he pulled the key from the ignition .
He was n’t surprised ; after hurtling around hairpin corners on single - track roads at what felt like 90 mph , Doug felt a little like sighing himself .


He double - checked his phone to make sure he had n’t missed a call from Susie , then went to retrieve his notes from the boot .
With nothing else to do but wait , he decided to go over what he had on Derek McGinty on the off - chance he had missed something – some clue as to what his next move would be – in the first hundred or so times he had picked his way through the rubble that was McGinty ’s life .


In 1990 , at the tender age of sixteen , Derek McGinty had been a typical example of the small - town thug .
With no real education behind him and little chance of work in Prestonview – now that the mining industry had more or less ceased to exist throughout the Lothians , transforming once - prosperous communities into virtual ghost towns at a stroke – he got to work creating an alternative record of achievement .
Breaking and entering , reselling stolen goods , GBH , casual cruelty to animals : all the usual fun activities that made a young man ’s parents so proud .


His record , a copy of which Susie had given Doug on the quiet after a lot of pestering and the promise of work on her car , was peppered with appearances in front of the youth panel and snippets of reports from social workers .
Phrases such as ‘ chronically demotivated ’ , ‘ socially ill - adjusted ’ and ‘ set in a cycle of boredom and frustration through which criminal activity is his only release ’ kept popping up like rust blisters on old bodywork .
To Doug , they all amounted to the same thing : what his own dad would have called a ‘ bad little bugger ’ .


Two years later , Derek got bored with life in Prestonview and made his way to Edinburgh .
He quickly became involved in working on the doors of some of the city ’s less fashionable nightclubs .
It made sense ; cash in hand , no questions asked and a job snarling at people to discourage trouble , or stepping in with fists flying if anything ever kicked off .
McGinty ’s name appeared a few times in police reports about drug dealing and assaults in those clubs , but there was never enough evidence to prosecute .
For some reason , witnesses did n’t seem too eager to talk about him .


But then , on September 14 , 1992 , Derek McGinty graduated from small - time thug to Edinburgh ’s most wanted man in one sickening leap .


Her name was Bethany Miller , a twenty - one - year - old originally from Derby who was in Edinburgh to study English literature and history at the university .
She was , according to the friends and family who talked to the police and the press later , a bright , vivacious girl who loved Edinburgh and the social life that went with it .
She was outgoing , they said , the type of person who lit up a room and made a party .


Looking at the pictures he ’d culled from the _Tribune_ ’ s library , Doug could see the appeal .
Bethany was your typical early - twenties bombshell : tall and athletic , but still with a figure , and an open , inviting face you never got tired of looking at framed by long , dark hair .
But , according to her tutors , her most attractive feature was her mind .
She was sharp , they all said , always asking questions and ready to challenge established ideas .
Her eyes said as much to Doug .
In the photograph he had , a hand - out from the family at the time of the court case , she was frozen in mid - stride , a birthday cake in hand .
She was smiling from ear to ear , showing off small , white teeth and the type of dimples models killed for .
Happiness and confidence seemed to radiate from her eyes , the deepest , purest blue Doug had ever seen .
_I have my whole life ahead of me , _ those eyes said .
_I ’ m happy here and now .
I know what I am and who I am and I ’ m happy . _


_I ’ m happy . _


Which only made what McGinty did all the worse .


According to what was reported at the time , Bethany had been on a night out with a few of her friends .
They had visited a few student haunts in and around the Old Town , including a club in the Cowgate .


Doug glanced up from his notes for a moment , staring down the lane .
He knew the place , had been in there a few times himself at the tail - end of a night out .


Naturally enough , Bethany had attracted more than her fair share of attention that night .
But one of the people watching her happened to be Derek McGinty .
When Bethany and her friends left , McGinty had followed .
Doug wondered what was in his mind then , if he had already planned what he was going to do and how far he was going to go .
If he did , then the bastard was even more dangerous than he had first thought .


Bethany ’s friends , who lived in the university ’s halls of residence overlooking Arthur ’s Seat , made sure she got home safely as she lived in a flat in Marchmont that her parents – a doctor and a teacher – were renting for her during her studies .
The friends shared a taxi from the club , swinging by Bethany ’s flat to drop her off on the way back to the halls .


‘ She got home safely , ’ one of her friends was quoted as saying in the _Tribune_ ’ s report on the trial .
‘ We always made sure we all got home safely .
I mean , that ’s what you ’re meant to do , is n’t it ?
Make sure your friends are safe ? ’


Not safe enough .


Police reports and forensics – again supplied off the record by Susie – showed that McGinty did n’t have much trouble getting in ; the lock on the door to Bethany ’s tenement was broken , meaning all he had to do was jog up the stair to her flat on the third floor .
Once there , he simply knocked on the door .
Doug closed his eyes and saw Bethany , mind addled by booze , ears ringing from the pulsing bass of the club , swinging the door open to see who was there .
One of her friends who had forgotten something , maybe ?
Had she left something in the taxi ?
He saw her trying to slam the door shut as McGinty pushed his way into the flat , saw her trying to scream as he clamped a hand over her face , suffocating , choking …


The full extent of what happened next was n’t reported in the _Tribune_ or any other newspaper – it was deemed too disturbing .
Reading through the police reports , Doug was n’t surprised .


McGinty had manhandled Bethany into her bedroom , giving her a few hard knocks when she struggled , and had tied her to her bed , gagging her with a pair of her own stockings as he did so .
He stripped her and sexually assaulted her for more than three hours .
During this ordeal he had taken his time , pausing to consider what torment he could inflict upon her next .


McGinty ransacked Bethany ’s room and found a vibrator , which he used both vaginally and anally .
He also forced Bethany to give him oral sex .
Repeatedly .
And , just to make sure he had a memento of the event , McGinty used Bethany ’s own camera to take photographs .
Doug skipped a few pages ahead to a transcript of Bethany ’s interview .
She mentioned the camera repeatedly , and he imagined he could hear her voice rising in panic as she remembered .
The flash burning her skin , the harsh snap and click as he circled her , recording every moment of her degradation .
Searches of McGinty ’s flat – a shithole tenement in the rougher end of Leith – failed to uncover the camera , and he refused to tell police where it was in subsequent interviews .


Another torment for Bethany to endure .
She would have to rebuild her life knowing that somewhere , somewhere , there were pictures of her .
Naked and exposed , McGinty ’s hands on her , legs forced open , her face a frozen cry of pain and shame .


Doug paused , eyes wandering across the street in front of him .
There was something about the attack that bothered him ; something beyond the obvious , that is .
He reread the relevant paragraphs , eyes seeking out the key words and phrases : ‘ forced penetration with a foreign object ’ , ‘ oral rape ’ , ‘ condoms found in several locations ’ , ‘ victim reports being photographed repeatedly by assailant ’ .
He chewed his lip , considering , then shrugged .
Nothing .


McGinty finally left Bethany at a little before 7am .
Doug wondered what had made him leave .
After all , he had his victim completely subdued and a flat that was totally sealed off from the rest of the world .
At the trial , police and psychologists believed the breaking of the day panicked McGinty , who would have wanted to make his escape when the stairwell was quiet and the streets were empty .
Doug could understand this , but part of him knew it was simpler than that .
Nightmares and monsters lost their power in daylight .
And that was what McGinty was .
A monster .
And a coward .


Bethany was found just after noon that day by her friends , who had gone to her flat after she missed her morning lectures and failed to answer her phone .
They found her as McGinty had left her – bound to her bed , bleeding and broken .


But despite this , Bethany was able to give the police a full description of McGinty .
She even waived her right to anonymity and made a public appeal through the police to help track down her attacker and help other women avoid the same ordeal .
This , coupled with the statement of one of her friends who said she had seen ‘ some creepy doorman ’ eying Bethany up in the club , and a media baying for blood over such an outrage against an attractive , middle - class girl with ‘ her whole life ahead of her ’ , meant McGinty did n’t remain at large for long .
He was arrested three days later , police crashing through the door of his council flat with sledgehammers in hand and the image of Bethany fresh in their minds .


Three months later he was put on trial .
Someone on the prosecution team was very smart , very lucky or very connected , as they managed to push the charges all the way up to attempted murder .
And , after no more than a week – during which Bethany was forced by both the prosecution and defence to relive what had happened in front of a room full of strangers – McGinty was sentenced to fifteen years in prison .


After the trial , Bethany quit her university course and returned home to her parents .
Doug could n’t find any mention of her after that , but he hoped she had found a little peace .
She deserved it .


McGinty , meanwhile , served six years before appealing against his sentence in 1998 .
A bleeding - heart judge , who Doug could only assume was a woman - hating fuckwit whose brains had long since turned to mush beneath his wig , heard the appeal , which hinged on diminished responsibility and a ‘ febrile atmosphere at the time of the case due to media interest ’ .
The judge ruled that McGinty ’s sentence was overly severe , and promptly slashed it to eight years , including time already served .


Derek McGinty walked free of Edinburgh ’s Saughton jail on January 26 , 2001 .
The story was a national sensation , with reformers , right - wingers and human rights activists all chipping in to the debate over sentencing and rehabilitation .
Bethany was only mentioned in passing .
Not surprising .
Why dwell on yesterday ’s news ?


At the time , speculation was rife as to what McGinty ’s next move would be .
As he had attacked Bethany before the introduction of the Sex Offender Register , he was free to go wherever in the UK he chose , and the police could n’t do a thing – officially .
Unofficially , a close eye was to be kept on him .
But not too close , the human rights groups made sure of that .
The last thing the police needed was some injury - claims - rent - a - lawyer suggesting McGinty should sue them for harassment .


The reports Susie had provided showed that McGinty initially headed west , working his way from Glasgow up to Greenock on the west coast and then back inland and east towards Fife .
He had appeared to settle in Cairneyhill , a small village outside Dunfermline , and take work in a local pub as a barman .
That had lasted until about a month ago , when a TV news and current affairs show aired a programme about Scotland ’s relationship with the UK and the European Union .
One section examined human rights law – including how it had influenced the slashing of Derek McGinty ’s jail term .


The show used file footage of him being led away after being sentenced at his trial , footage that was seen by more than one resident of Cairneyhill .
Ugly scenes followed , and officers from the Fife arm of Police Scotland were called to escort McGinty from his home to avoid a public lynching of ‘ that perverted bastard ’ .


McGinty had been offered protective custody , which he blankly refused .
The police could do nothing but let him go and he promptly vanished .


But , asked the media , where would anyone , even a ‘ sick sex pervert ’ , go when they had no job , no place to stay and no money ?


Everyone came up with the same answer .
Home .
After all , it was known that , despite everything , he had kept in touch with his mother and father .


And so a game of cat and mouse began .
Doug had written several pieces connected to the story , from feature stories about a town ‘ living in fear of its most infamous son ’ to hard - edged news and political pieces calling for reform of the legal system and retroactive listing of anyone in Scottish prisons for a sexually - related crime .
The stories gave him a headache every time he sat at his keyboard , as he was running along a legal knife - edge with every sentence he wrote , but it was a great story , and the deeper Doug looked , the more he wanted to know what would happen next .


But so far , McGinty had failed to appear .


Doug shuffled through his papers , finding a shot of McGinty taken from his trial .
About 5ft 8ins tall , thick set with the beginnings of a beer gut , severely cut dark brown hair with a sharp widow ’s peak .
Thin lips , a nose that was obviously no stranger to knuckles .
Police reports described McGinty ’s eyes as brown , but to Doug they looked black .
In the picture , he was glaring straight into the lens , unashamed .
_Come and get me , fucker_ , those eyes said .
_Come and get me . _


Doug was startled out of his thoughts by his phone .
He flicked answer .


‘ Hello ? ’


‘ Doug , it ’s me . ’
The voice was flat , almost atonal .


‘ Susie ?
That you ?
You sound awful . ’


‘ Yeah , fuck you very much , Doug . ’
A pause , then a heavy , body - shaking sigh echoed down the line .
‘ Shit .
Sorry , bad day .
You still want to meet ? ’


‘ You still up to it ? ’


‘ As long as it ’s in a pub , ’ Susie replied .
‘ After what I ’ve just seen , I need a drink .
And you ’re buying . ’


‘ No problem .
Where do you want to meet ? ’


‘ You know the Mitre ? ’


Doug mumbled a response .
It was a pub in the middle of the Royal Mile , close to its junction with North Bridge .
‘ How long ? ’


‘ Say about ten minutes ? ’


No problem , ’ Doug said .
‘ I ’ll have a drink waiting for you . ’


‘ Make it a double , will you ? ’


‘ No problem , Susie .
See you in a bit . ’


Doug hung up and began gathering his notes on McGinty .
As he did , he came across the photo he had been studying when Susie called .


Black eyes boring into him , full of hatred and arrogance .
_Come and get me , motherfucker .
Come and get me . _


Doug intended to do just that .
If not for him or his readers , then for Bethany .
She deserved that much at least .


* Chapter 6 Chapter 6 { { { 1 # 6


Susie paused on the steps of the morgue and waved at a couple of uniforms she knew who were sitting in a patrol car at the entrance , waiting for the security barrier to rise .
They had offered her a lift back to the CID room at Gayfield Place but she made her excuses , saying she needed to chase up a few leads while she was in the centre of town .


The sky was now dull and heavy with the threat of rain .
She wished it would .
Maybe it would wash away the cloying sting of chemicals and the rotten , bitter - iron tang of blood and dead , mangled flesh that clung to the back of her throat .


The morgue was at the top of a slight hill overlooking the Cowgate .
She watched as cars droned past , drivers blissfully unaware of the horrors contained in the building she had just emerged from .
The stench of blood and chemicals and decay , bodies that had been burnt or stabbed or beaten , or the decayed husks of those who just closed their eyes and never woke up .
All framed in harsh florescent light and cold glinting metal , making sure you saw every detail .
Susie envied the passers - by their ignorance .
She closed her eyes , took a few deep , greedy breaths of the damp fresh air .
She ran a hand around her neck inside the open - necked collar of her blouse .
It was n’t tight , but she felt stifled .


She glanced to her right , down the hill towards the Pleasance .
When she was a student at Edinburgh , the Pleasance – and the gym there – had been her refuge .
She supposed it was natural enough as she had always been interested in sports .
Tall and willowy as a child growing up in Clydebank , her long lean frame made her perfect for athletics .
The male - dominated school teams suited her ; with her slight build and natural auburn hair singling her out amongst her female peers , she preferred being with her male friends .


While many of her classmates set their sights on bagging a man and a couple of pregnancies before they hit their twenties , Susie took an English degree , head filled with her parents ’ encouragement to be a teacher .
After all , it was a good enough career for them , so why not her as well ?


She knew the stories of life in university and she expected to become just another student cliché : overindulging in her new freedom in a haze of drinking and random shagging ; books left unopened , essays left unwritten .
But it never happened .
She made friends in her halls , mostly studious girls from single - sex boarding schools in the Home Counties .
Girls whose career ambitions were matched only by their desire to snag a posh heir playing student until Daddy organised that first job in the City .


She went for the nights out , had a couple of not - overly - serious boyfriends , and settled into a quiet routine .
She devoured the classics and found a taste for Dickens , but the lectures infuriated her .
Sitting for what felt like hours , listening to some tweed - jacketed academic or too - cool cord - wearer trying to dazzle with his intellect .
All the while pretending he was n’t leering at the tight - jeaned crotch and bulging pecs of the second year in the front row .
She felt a burning need to be active .
To move , just as she had done as a child , running as fast as she could with the taunts of the bullies ringing in her ears .


Looking for some way to burn off her frustrations – finding the student staples of sex and drinking insufficient – she turned to the gym after seeing a flyer on the hall wall , and fell in love .
The repetition of the treadmill provided a sense of relief from the mental strain of studying , and a brief romance with a member of the hockey Second XI introduced her to weight training .
She loved the feel of physical strength ; nothing bodybuilder - like , but enough to allow her to easily carry her own shopping and lift heavy boxes when moving halls .
While other girls simpered and made shopping look even heavier to lure men to their rescue , Susie resented the implication of inherent female weakness .


Maybe that was what attracted her to the police stand at a career fair in the students ’ union , the chance to prove herself in a ‘ man ’s ’ job .
Her parents were disappointed – ‘ Such a dangerous job for a girl , ’ her dad had muttered , while her mother despaired of ‘ that uniform ’ , which was ‘ so unflattering on the hips ’ – but they supported her anyway , especially when they heard about the accelerated promotion scheme for graduates .


She signed up as a cadet as soon as she graduated , found she took to the training easily .
But what she loved most of all was pounding the streets on dark winter nights , especially when the rain cleared the pavements .
Mile after mile , the rhythm of stride after stride drowning out her restless thoughts .


Susie felt the first tickle of adrenalin as she imagined her dry - lunged rasp as she powered up a hill , losing the images of shattered bone , torn , bloodied flesh and congealed , pulverised brain in the pounding rhythm of her stride .
Tonight .
She would get home , pull on her running gear and hit the streets .
A 10k would do it , just long enough to build up a bit of heat , clear her thoughts .


She walked away from the morgue and towards the pub , mentally skipping through tracks on her iPod running playlist , drowning out the morgue memories with ever - increasing volume whenever they threatened to surface .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


The Mitre was late - afternoon busy ; caught in the twilight zone between the end of lunch hour and the end of the working day for the businesses nearby .
A few workers from those offices , who had either knocked off early or just decided to call it quits after lunch , were scattered around the bar , nursing pints or shorts as they made themselves busy with smatterings of paperwork or the evening paper ; the quiet acts of desperation underlining the fact they were putting on a show for the world , trying to make it look like the drink was n’t the only reason they were there .
They were joined by a handful of tourists – standing out from the herd by virtue of their bomber jackets , baseball caps and oversized video cameras .
It occurred to Doug that tourists never looked like they were on holiday any more , never looked like they were having fun .
With their cameras , maps and incessant questions , they looked to Doug more like fact - finders .


Or the advance party .


He ordered at the bar – a pint for him , a double vodka and lemonade for Susie – then took the drinks up to the back of the pub where there were about half a dozen tables set for lunches and dinners and a few corner booths .
He slid into one of the booths , taking the bench that faced back down into the bar and the saloon - style double doors leading into it , and waited for Susie .


She appeared about five minutes later .
At first glance , she looked like just another office worker ; conservative charcoal suit ( about half a size too big for her , Doug thought ) , long , auburn hair pulled back in a loose pony tail draped over her left shoulder .
Light make - up that accentuated her high cheekbones and gave some extra volume to her thin lips , making her look about five years younger than her thirty - four years .
She even carried the standard - issue briefcase of the middle - management executive .
But it was her eyes that broke the illusion .
They strobed across the pub as she walked through the bar area to where Doug was waiting for her , that piercing , grey - green gaze flitting from one face to another as she searched for recognition and sized up potential trouble .
Doug had seen the look and the subtle , almost bird - like motions of the head a million times before .
To him , it said ‘ police ’ louder than a uniform or warrant card ever could .


‘ Hiya , Susie , ’ he said as she slid into the seat opposite him .
‘ How ’s your day going ? ’


‘ Shit , ’ Susie said , her voice still affected by the flat , almost apathetic tone he had heard on the phone .
When she reached for her drink , Doug noticed her hand was n’t quite steady .
He watched as she took a large gulp , grimacing as the vodka bit into her taste buds .
She tilted the glass slightly towards him in thanks .


‘ No problem , ’ he said .
‘ Rough day ? ’


‘ You have no idea . ’
Her glass was back on the table now , but she had n’t let it go yet .
Doug did n’t think she would until her drink was finished .
He was itching to get down to questions , to find out what she knew and how it could be built into a story , but he knew better than to push .
She would talk to him in her own time .
She always did .


‘ Right , ’ she said after a moment , more to herself than anyone else .
‘ You better get a notepad in front of you , Doug , you ’re going to want to write this down . ’


Doug produced a notepad and pen from his jacket pocket , theatrically pulling the cap off the pen as he did so .
Ready when you are , the move said .


Susie fixed Doug with her hardest stare .
He felt the urge to look away or busy himself with his pint , but resisted it .
Christ though , she could be intimidating when she wanted to be .
_I ’ m the boss_ , her look said .
Doug was n’t about to argue .


Susie ’s voice dropped to little more than a whisper as she leaned across the table , cupping her hands around her glass .
‘ Before we go any further , this is anonymous , Doug .
I do n’t need my name attached to this shit right now , okay ? ’


‘ Okay , ’ Doug said .
‘ But surely it wo n’t take them too long to figure out who ’s been talking ? ’


‘ I ’ll worry about that .
Trust me , there ’s going to be press coverage on this one anyway , a lot of it .
At least this way , we can control the story for a little longer , make it work for us . ’


Doug bristled slightly , forced himself to swallow his pride .
He knew most coppers only talked to reporters when they needed or wanted something , but he did n’t like to be reminded of the fact so bluntly , especially by Susie , who he also considered a friend .


‘ So , what ’s the story , then ? ’ he asked .


Susie exhaled , as though blowing out smoke from a cigarette .
She swallowed back the itch at the back of her throat for one .
Just one .


If she caught the edge in Doug ’s voice , she ’d ignored it .
‘ Most of it , you already know .
Just after noon today , a young woman fell from the top of the Scott Monument .
She died on impact and managed to give the poor sod unlucky enough to be close to where she landed enough material for a lifetime of nightmares . ’


‘ Any sign she was pushed , or does it look like a suicide ? ’


Susie ’s mouth twitched in what could have been mistaken for a smile .
‘ Helpfully , there are no working CCTV cameras on the top level of the Monument , so we ca n’t just look at what happened the moment before she went over the edge .
However , witnesses say that one minute she was there , and the next the screaming began as she hit the ground .
Whatever happened , it was sudden .
If she was pushed , it happened so quickly she did n’t even have time to struggle , scream or cause a scene .
At this point , we think it ’s suicide . ’


Then , almost to herself , she added : ‘ Which may be a blessing . ’


‘ How so ? ’
Doug asked , not taking his eyes from the page he was rapidly filling with shorthand notes .


‘ Because we caught a break with identifying the body . ’
Susie paused for a moment , closing her eyes and shuddering slightly at the memory of what she had just seen at the lock - up .
‘ How so ? ’
Doug asked again , trying not to sound like he was pushing and failing miserably .
‘ Surely there was some identification : driver ’s licence , credit card , wallet , something on the body ? ’


Susie sat upright , forcing back images of gore - streaked blonde hair .
‘ None that we found .
Which is why we ’re not ruling out a robbery gone wrong , despite what the circumstances point to .
All we found on the body was some change and a set of keys . ’


‘ So , how did you get a break ? ’


‘ Although there were no working cameras at the top of the Monument , there was one on the entrance , ’ Susie said .
‘ It records the face of everyone going in to the Monument through the turnstile , so the wardens can track down any possible vandals or people who throw things off the Monument . ’


‘ Including themselves ? ’


Susie snorted a dry laugh in spite of herself .


‘ Hold on a minute , though , ’ Doug continued .
‘ Even if you could tie a face from the video footage to the body , then how does that help you ?
I mean , she ’s still just a face unless … ’


‘ Exactly , ’ Susie nodded as she watched Doug arrive at the answer himself .
‘ Given the mess the body was in , we could n’t get a visual ID .
There was n’t much left of her face , and Dr Williams found most of the teeth had also been shattered on impact .
All we had was a record of who had gone up the Monument that day , the clothes and rough build of the deceased .
We knew her hair colour too , but that did n’t help as the CCTV footage was black and white .
So we went over the footage for someone whose clothes and build matched and … ’


‘ And you saw someone you recognised , a familiar face that matched what you had , ’ Doug interrupted .
She had his full attention now .
He was like a child being told a bedtime story .
‘ Who ? ’


Susie finished her drink in a gulp .
Took her time replacing the glass on the table as she looked around the bar , making sure no one else was listening .


‘ Katherine Buchan , ’ she said .


Doug tried the name out , ran it through his mind .
It did n’t ring a bell .


‘ Sorry , who ? ’ he said .
‘ Someone with previous ?
Drug dealer , shoplifter , prossie , what ? ’


‘ Try daughter of Richard Buchan , ’ Susie replied .


‘ Richard Buc … ’
The sentence trailed off as Doug ’s jaw fell open .
Susie had never seen it happen outside of cartoons before .
The effect was almost surreal .


Doug cleared his throat , buying time as he tried to put his thoughts in some vague semblance of order .
‘ You do n’t mean _the_ Richard Buchan ? ’ he whispered , leaning closer to Susie over the table .
‘ Not Far Right Marmite ? ’


‘ If you mean Richard Buchan , Tory list MSP for the Lothians who just happens to be proposing a Bill that advocates full - term sentence serving for all convicted criminals and the basic abolition of time served or appeal , then yes , I mean Far Right Marmite , ’ Susie replied .
‘ A uniform recognised Katherine from a family photograph used by one of the papers in a profile of her dad around the time of the last election . ’


‘ Jesus , ’ Doug whispered .
‘ Are you sure ? ’


‘ Well , we ’re still waiting for the DNA testing to be one hundred per cent certain , and the family is being brought in to identify the clothing and jewellery , but yeah , the newspaper shot matches the CCTV footage . ’


Doug whistled between his teeth .
The daughter of a high - profile MSP dead , apparently by throwing herself off one of Edinburgh ’s most famous landmarks .
The McGinty story suddenly did n’t look so important .
This was big .
National big .


Buchan had risen to prominence after the last elections to the Scottish Parliament , partly because he was one of the few Tories to survive the SNP onslaught , partly because he was defiantly proud of being an old - school Conservative in a country that had never forgiven the party for the legacy of Thatcher .
He wasted no time in making his mark in parliament , going out of his way to comment on every controversial or sensitive policy that arose .
Gay marriage ?
Hated it ; it was perversion of an age - old institution .
Union strikes over public - sector pension changes ?
Irresponsible and selfish , and any public - sector worker who supported the strikes should be reprimanded .
Scottish independence ?
The politics of grievance pedalled by disgruntled little subjects who were being disloyal to their Queen and country .


But it was on the issue of justice that Buchan really made his name .
A lawyer by trade , he turned his legal expertise to campaigning for full - term sentences for all prisoners , doing away with appeal for all but the most questionable cases .
He latched on to the release of the terminally ill Lockerbie bomber on compassionate grounds , saying this was the action of a soft - touch government that lacked the ‘ moral fibre or conviction ’ to see justice done .


So far , so Tory .
His plan was , naturally , controversial , and the debate raged across the media , from late - night politics shows to newspaper columns and colourful online blogs .


Somewhere along the way , Buchan earned a nickname : Far Right Marmite .
He was loathed by liberals and the Cameron - era Tories , who were trying to rally around a smear of paint that looked vaguely like a tree with the cry of ‘ we ’re all in this together ’ , but he was loved by the Presbyterian right - wing torchbearers of the party ; the twinset , pearls - and - perm brigade who applauded his hard line on everything that threatened ‘ traditional morals and standards ’ .


So he was already big news – and now his daughter was a bloody smear across Princes Street Gardens .
Love him or loathe him , Marmite was now flavour of the month .


‘ Well , ’ Doug said , trying to stop his mind from racing ahead .
‘ What can I use ? ’


‘ Like I said , this is anonymous for the moment , Doug .
In the meantime , this gives you lead - time on everyone else .
Understandably , the bosses are keen to be seen to be taking action on this , given the media shitstorm that ’s about to hit , so make sure you talk up the “ investigation is ongoing ” angle and the fact we need to track down anyone who was up the Monument or in the Gardens at the time who has n’t come forward yet .
There was a lot of screaming and hysterics after she landed , so a few people could have just bolted . ’


Doug ignored the flash of anger he felt at being told how to write his copy .
‘ And when will my “ source ” confirm that the body is that of Katherine Buchan ? ’


‘ As soon as the family confirms the clothes and effects are Katherine ’s and we get her medical records from her GP . ’
Susie glanced at her watch .
‘ Buchan ’s going to be at the morgue about four .
We ’ve sent a uniform to pick up Katherine ’s records , so it wo n’t take long for Dr Williams to match things up .
The DNA tests will take a day or two , but they ’re really just a formality . ’


‘ So , if I called you at about seven tonight … ? ’


Susie smiled briefly .
‘ I might have something interesting to tell you . ’


‘ And then what happens ? ’


‘ Buchan will probably clear us to make a statement tomorrow , after he ’s made arrangements for the family to visit the body if they want to , by which time you can have a full background piece ready to go .
As Buchan ’s got pull , we wo n’t have an official release ready to go until the line has been agreed by him and his family , so the story will be too late for the morning papers , but the _Tribune_ will have it , and quotes from an unnamed source , all to itself . ’


‘ Except for the TV and radio , ’ Doug muttered .


Susie shrugged .
‘ Them ’s the breaks .
Katherine ’s body wo n’t be released to the family until our investigations are complete and the report ’s been sent to the fiscal , so you can bet Buchan is going to be bending the ear of his brethren in high places to push for an early result .


‘ The important thing is you ’re getting the story , and we ’re seen to be acting .
The last thing we need is some crime and punishment nut with friends in high places taking aim at us because we ’re not doing a thorough or quick enough job on his daughter ’s death . ’


‘ Understood , ’ Doug said .
‘ I ’ll let you see my quotes from “ a police source ” before we run anything . ’


Susie nodded agreement .


‘ One more question , ’ Doug asked .
‘ The guy she scared the shit out of when she jumped , any chance of … ’


Susie she shook her head , ponytail flicking lazily against her shoulder .
‘ Do n’t even think about it .
The poor bastard ’s been through enough .
He ’s in the Royal Infirmary at the moment , doped up to the eyeballs pending psychological evaluation . ’


‘ He got a name ? ’


Susie sighed .
Thought it through .
The poor sod ’s name was bound to come out sooner or later , there was no real harm in Doug having it , but still …


Still … .


‘ No , Doug , ’ she said .
‘ Give the guy a little privacy .
And please , for me , do n’t go looking for him , okay ?
Trust me , if you ’d seen what he did , you would n’t be too bright just now , either . ’


Doug nodded .
Same old Susie .
Still trying to balance the hard - nosed cop routine with the caring person she was underneath .
He hoped she never stopped trying .


‘ You want another drink ? ’ he asked , noticing the way she was playing with her empty glass and eyeing it nervously .


‘ Yes , ’ she sighed .
‘ But I better not .
I ’ve got work to do . ’
She glanced at his near - empty pint glass .
‘ And I think you do too , Doug . ’


‘ Understood , ’ he replied , folding away his notepad .
‘ Thanks , Susie , that ’s one I owe you . ’


‘ Yeah , yeah .
Just make me sound good without sounding like me , okay ? ’


‘ No problem , ’ he said as he drained his pint and made to leave .
He did n’t quite run out of the pub for the car and the phone call that would make Walter ’s day .


But he did n’t quite walk calmly , either .


* Chapter 7 Chapter 7 { { { 1 # 7


The city was always at its best in the rain .
Charlie Morris sat calmly , watching the rain spattering on the window and smear the night into a palette of warm orange streetlights and flashes of red from brake lights as he listened to the phone ring .
Normally , the delay in answering would have annoyed him but , after everything that had happened already today , he would make allowances .


Only small ones , though .
Only small ones .


‘ Hello ? ’
The voice on the other end of the line was tired , wrung tight by stress .
Charlie was n’t surprised .


‘ It ’s me . ’


‘ _I thought I told you never to call me here ! _ ’ the voice hissed .
‘ We agreed … ’


‘ No , ’ he interrupted ; voice little more than a whisper .
‘ You dictated .
I never agreed .
Now shut up and listen .
He ’s on the move . ’


A pause on the other end of the line , silence interspersed with soft scrapings and shuffling as the phone was lifted and carried to a more private position .


‘ You … you ’ve found him ? ’


‘ Not yet , but I know where he ’s going to be . ’
It was n’t hard – a phone call , a promise , a threat ; the information came quickly enough .
‘ I take it you want me to proceed as agreed ? ’


Another pause on the line .
The sound of a lighter being sparked , a cigarette being lit .
A sharp , greedy intake of breath – a smoker desperate for a fix .
He ’d heard the same sounds from junkies when he ’d handed them bags of smack or speed or E .
The substance changed , but the language of addiction stayed the same .


Charlie looked at his watch .
It was getting late , and he was a busy man .
So many deliveries to make , so many addictions to satisfy , so many accounts to settle .


‘ Well ? ’


‘ Yes , ’ the voice replied in a whispered monotone .
‘ As agreed .
I trust I can count on you to be discreet , as usual ? ’


Charlie grunted harsh laughter down the line .
He could n’t help it .
After everything that had happened , this bastard was still more concerned about reputation than anything else .
Wanker .


‘ You do n’t need to worry .
I ’ll take care of it .
But there ’s a lot of heat around this , I ’ve heard that bastard McGregor is poking around for a start .
I ’ll be wanting a little bit extra for this one . ’


‘ Do n’t worry , ’ the voice said , colder and more remote than ever now .
‘ You ’ll be well paid for your services .
Just get it done , and make sure the bastard suffers . ’


Charlie felt a smile cross his lips in spite of himself .
‘ Oh , do n’t worry , ’ he replied .
‘ He will .
I guarantee it . ’


* Chapter 8 Chapter 8 { { { 1 # 8


Doug knocked gently on the door of the editor ’s office , wincing slightly as the noise echoed through the open - plan newsroom , drawing a few curious glances from the subs and reporters busy working on the next day ’s paper .


‘ Come ! ’ came the call from the other side of the door .
Taking a steadying breath , Doug stepped inside .


Jonathan Greig was sitting barricaded behind his huge oak desk , a hard copy of what Doug had written so far strewn out in front of him .
With his dark , swept - back hair , angular features and immaculate suit , he looked more like a lawyer than an editor .
Or an undertaker .


Walter sat at the opposite side of the desk , the pen he was playing with looking like a twig in his hands .
It was a standing joke at the _Tribune_ that Walter ‘ Bulldog ’ McKay was Greig ’s enforcer .
If the boss did n’t like a story , he would send Walter – who was 5ft 6ins with a weightlifter ’s physique – to sort you out .
Standing there , both of them glaring at him expectantly , Doug did n’t find that joke quite so funny anymore .


‘ Well ? ’
Greig asked , his voice as stiff and exact as the suit he wore .
‘ What ’s the news ? ’


‘ I ’ve just been on the phone to my police contact , ’ Doug said , glancing down at his notepad as he spoke in an attempt to get away from Greig ’s stare .
‘ She ’s confirmed it .
Richard Buchan and his wife visited the city morgue earlier tonight , where they identified jewellery and personal effects recovered from the Scott Monument jumper earlier today as belonging to their daughter , Katherine Patricia Buchan .
Final DNA tests are pending , but the blood tests match the medical records Katherine ’s GP supplied .
They also matched the scar from where Katherine had an appendectomy two years ago and a tattoo she had on her left shoulder .
There ’s no doubt , boss , it ’s her . ’


Greig rocked back in his chair , nodding slowly .
Doug was fairly sure he could see a smile twitching at the corners of his mouth .
‘ So , now that we know , is there anyone you can get to comment on this while keeping it semi - quiet until the official statement is made ? ’


Doug chewed on the end of his pen .
‘ Well , the Tory press office will be in full swing to get the release agreed with the police , so I could start there .
They ’ll be desperate to get as much early coverage as possible .
I know a couple of people who work down at the morgue , too , so they could give me “ sources said ” reaction pieces ; how the Buchans took the news , that sort of stuff .
Other than that … ’


Greig raised a thin hand , gold cufflink winking in the light .
‘ That ’s enough to be going on with , do n’t you think , Walter ? ’


Walter clicked the top of his pen a couple of times , then pocketed it .
‘ Yeah , that should do it for starters .
We want to get the story in for first edition , break it before anyone else .
We can get all the big quotes after the official press conference tomorrow .
What time ’s that going to be at , anyway ? ’


‘ About noon in police HQ at Fettes , ’ Doug replied .


Walter nodded .
‘ Perfect , ’ he muttered .
‘ We can cover it for second edition . ’


Greig grunted in agreement .
‘ Right , Doug , ’ he said as he sat up straight in his chair , smoothing his tie as he did .
‘ You going to be okay with all this , or do we need to get you some help while you ’re still trying to track down Derek McGinty ? ’


Doug shook his head .
No way .
These were his stories .
In a way , newspapers operated by playground rules ; this is mine , and I ’ m no ’ sharin ’ .


‘ No , it ’s fine .
To be honest , McGinty ’s not likely to show up in Prestonview , but if he does , I ’ll be told .
In the meantime ’ , he waved his notepad in front of him , ‘ I ’ve got this to keep me occupied . ’


‘ Get to it , then , ’ Greig said , returning to his work .
‘ And forward me your story before you go , I ’ll want to check it over personally . ’


Doug nodded and headed for the door .


He finally stepped out of the _Tribune_ offices at just past 11pm .
A thirteen - hour day , give or take .
Not bad .
He ’d passed a few poor sods on the way out who had been there since seven that morning .
Young wannabes fresh out of college , trying to show how committed they were to a career in journalism by letting management work them into an early grave .
He sometimes felt he should say something to them , but what ?
After all , he had broken into the business the same way .


He had always known he wanted to be a journalist .
For Doug , it was the only game in town .
He was born a rarity in Scotland , some might say a freak : a boy with no interest in football or sports in general .
He flirted with football at school , mostly to try to fit in , belong , but he quickly found that the boredom and frustration of not being able to control the ball or understand the offside rule outweighed the acceptance of his peers .
So he retreated into the classroom , to the books in the library and the stories they held .
But unlike Susie , Doug had no interest in literature .
The great works with their archaic language bored him .
Shakespeare was a chore , Dickens a trip to the dentist .
He wanted stories , plain and simple .


It was , his mother told him , an impatient streak he inherited from his dad .
‘ You want it all and you want it now , son , ’ she said once , after one too many glasses of white wine .
‘ You want to take the shortcut , get to the end , have the answer .
Your dad ’s just the same , and look where it got him . ’


Yeah , Doug thought as he looked at her , half - cut on the sofa – hair the colour of smog , a tidemark of heavy make - up creeping down her neck – just look .


He dabbled with writing fiction , found he had a knack for short horror stories that revolted and scared the shit out of his friends .
But he did n’t have the patience to sit down and plot out a novel then write it .
He wanted to know the stories .
Wanted to tell them .


It was that impatient streak which kept Doug out of university , rejecting the thought of four more years studying in favour of an HND college course in Communications .
From there he freelanced for a while , then blagged a work experience place at the _Capital Tribune_ ; never left .
Worked his way up from subbing the obits and letters to general reporter .
Took his NCTJ exams to get the qualifications he needed to report on crime then stepped into the job when the previous reporter , who encouraged him to go for his exams in the first place , moved to the nationals .
The hours were long and the pay was crap , but it was worth it .
He had the stories and the chance to tell them , all against the ticking of a clock as deadline loomed .


He stood in the chill air for a moment , rocking his head from side to side as he tried to ease the knot of tension in his neck .
The rain had slackened to a soft drizzle , and he enjoyed the feeling of the fine spray on his face .
He could hear cars and lorries on the city bypass behind the _Tribune_ ’ s offices , heading west toward the airport and Glasgow .
He wished he could join them .
Just drive to the airport , jump on a flight somewhere , anywhere warm .
No deadlines , no stress .


Ah , who was he kidding ?
He ’d be bored shitless after the first sangria .


Sighing , he headed for the car , massaging his stinging eyes .
Got in , slid the key in the ignition and stopped .
He knew he should head home to the flat – Musselburgh was only a twenty - minute drive and he had another early start in the morning – but then what ?
Pace the floors , lie in bed pretending to sleep , lobotomise himself with some pointless late - night TV ?
Drink ?
It was a common enough problem when working on a big story ; the mind kept on ticking long after the body had called it quits for the day .


He could go for a drive , maybe down the coast towards North Berwick or across the bridge to Fife , but he knew he was too tired to enjoy it .
A thought occurred to him as he started the car .
He got his wallet out of his pocket and checked for cash .
Thirty quid .
Not a lot , but enough for a couple of hands at the casino .
The Maybury was only a five - minute drive away , hell , he could walk it in ten , it was open all night .
He could get a drink , play a couple of hands of poker , relax a little …


As long as he could leave it at £ 30 .
No more .
No more cashing cheques , no more running up a tab of £ 500 .
He ’d done that once , about a month ago , and what had scared him more than the amount was how easily he got there in the first place .
It had n’t even taken an hour .


£ 30 .
Could he leave it at that ?
Could he ?
_Would_ he ?


Doug slipped the car into gear and headed out of the car park .


Gambler in the house .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Even muffled by his jacket , the sound of the window smashing seemed to fill the street .
Derek McGinty tensed for a moment , scanning the houses in front of him for a light going on or a door rattling open as someone came to investigate .
Surely someone must have heard ?


No one had , or they were n’t bothering .
He could n’t blame them .
He ’d chosen this car – a battered - looking Polo – because he knew it stood the least chance of being alarmed .
With its rusting bodywork , sagging tyres and dirt - smeared windscreen , why bother ?


He pulled up the door lock , swept glass from the driver ’s seat and slid inside .
Breaking open the steering column was laughably easy – it crumbled when he gave it a good knock – then he busied himself twisting wires together to jumpstart the car .
The engine coughed into life after a moment , like a sixty - a - day smoker trying to get out of bed in the morning .


Nice one , Derek .
Nicked a real beauty here , did n’t you ?
Ah well , at least the tank was half - full .
The joke was , with the money he had in his pocket , he could have rented a car , bought one even .
But he did n’t want the attention .
And besides , old habits died hard .
He drove away slowly , eyes sweeping across the street to make sure no one was about to try and stop him .
No , still in the clear .


He headed out of Gilmerton and on to the bypass .
Took out a cigarette , then rolled down the remains of the window he had smashed and stuck his elbow out .
To the casual observer , or any half - asleep copper , he was just having a smoke while driving .


He drove down the slip road , instinctively putting his foot down as he joined the bypass .
The Polo coughed in protest as the speedometer climbed shakily to 50 mph .


It would be good to see home again .
He had been away too long , living in self - imposed exile , dragging himself around the country when , by right , he could go anywhere he wanted .
He had seen a few articles in the _Tribune_ about how Prestonview was ‘ living in fear ’ of his return .
He even recognised one of the names quoted , an old prune - face fucker called George Amos who used to chase him off the playing fields when he took his airgun down there as a boy .
‘ We do n’t want his sort around here , ’ he told the reporter , some shit - stirrer by the name of McGregor .
‘ Derek McGinty has been nothing but trouble to this town and his parents since the day he was born .
If he had any decency , he would stay as far away from here as he could . ’


Decency ?
That one made Derek laugh .


Fuck ’ em .
Fuck ’ em all .
If he wanted to go home , he would .
He had served his time , he was a free man .
During the trial , and afterward , he had been branded a monster , a pervert and worse .
People were quick to judge – his jury took less than two hours to do that – but throughout the whole trial , no one had asked one simple , obvious question : why ?


But then , the answer was obvious , was n’t it ?
Bethany Miller was a beautiful young woman .
He had seen her and decided to have her by any means necessary .
That ’s just what monsters do , that ’s what perverts do .
Is n’t it ?


Maybe .
And what he had done was monstrous and perverted ; he was old enough and self - aware enough to admit that .
He was ashamed of what he had done , more ashamed of what his mum and dad thought about it – and him .
But still , the question had never been asked , not even by them .


Why Derek ?
Why ?


He had spent a long time asking himself , though .
And , although it was n’t a justification , he kept coming back to one answer .
Love .


He swiped at his eyes angrily , mashing away the tears as he stomped down on the accelerator .
He forced the Polo up to 60 mph , feeling it shudder slightly as he ground the gearstick into top .
He offered a silent prayer .
All the car had to do was last him to East Lothian .
After that , the fucking rustbucket could fall apart in the street for all he cared .


Not much longer , he told himself .
Soon it would be payday .
Soon he could say goodbye to shitty little jobs , petty thieving and scrounging from the bottom of the barrel to get by .
Just a little business back home , and that would be it .


He would demand what he – what _they_ – deserved .
And if he did n’t get it , he would take it .
By force , if he had to .
For them .
For love .


The thought kept Derek warm as he drove .


* Chapter 9 Chapter 9 { { { 1 # 9


Hal Damon stepped out of the arrivals lounge at Edinburgh Airport into a near - deserted concourse at just after 11pm , his only company an exhausted - looking man pretending to read a magazine as he glanced nervously up at the arrivals board , and a cleaner making herself busy moving non - existent dust from one moulded plastic seat to another .


So much for the red - carpet welcome .


It had started earlier that day , with a call from Conservative Campaign Headquarters .
He ’d listened carefully , agreed to take the job , then put the phone down slowly , cursing softly under his breath .


Edinburgh .
Fuck .


He had stood in the calm of the kitchen , surveying the wreckage of baby bottles , sterilisers , soiled bibs and abandoned cups of half - drunk coffee in front of him .
Absently , he ’d wandered around , picking up cups and placing them in the dishwasher , pulling bottles apart with practised ease and loading up the steriliser .
From the living room , he could hear Colin cooing and soothing Jennifer .
Hal had smiled , made a bet with himself that they were standing in front of the window that looked out onto the back garden .


‘ It ’s the way the light catches in her hair , ’ he told Hal one rare , rare night when they got Jennifer to sleep in the cot next to their bed and managed to steal five minutes together .
‘ I just ca n’t get enough of looking at her in that light . ’


She had arrived three months ago , the product of Colin ’s sperm and a surrogate ’s egg .
They had been together for eight years by that point , bought the trendy garden - flat conversion in Kensington , built up careers , friends , a life .
Had a wedding – or as near to one as closed - minded bigots thought acceptable at the time – then convinced themselves they were ready to be parents .


Then found out how wrong they were when Jennifer arrived .
They transformed from a quiet , professional couple into a pair of sleep - deprived zombies who shambled around a home that looked as though Hurricane Mothercare had ripped through it .
Luckily , Hal was able to work from home , advise most of his clients by e - mail or phone , while Colin ’s work as a graphic designer allowed him to choose his own hours .


Slowly , the sleepless days and nights became weeks .
A juddering , faltering routine had started to form – Colin would take the days and then work at night , leaving Hal free to deal with his business , which was concentrated on more traditional working hours .


And now , one phone call had screwed it all up .


Hal had run through a mental list of what he would have to do .
Phone his mum and Colin ’s dad , get them to come round and help Colin when they could .
Dig up background on the shitstorm he was flying in to – Janey at the office could do that – book flights for Edinburgh .
Janey again .
Get a hotel .
Pack .


Oh , and tell Colin he was abandoning him with their three - month - old daughter so he could go and clean up someone else ’s crap .


Hal headed for the living room , already readying his excuses and reasons .
Colin would understand , grudgingly , he always did .
But he would n’t like it .
Hal did n’t , either .


Edinburgh .


Fuck .


Now , several hours later , he wandered out of the terminal building , flicked his phone on and thumbed in a quick text to Colin without really thinking about it .
‘ _Just arrived .
Miss you both .
Give J a kiss from daddy .
Love you both , Hx_ ’ .
Hit send , told himself it was better than calling , just in case the phone woke Jennifer .
He knew it was shit , he just did n’t want another argument about leaving so soon .


He shrugged off the thoughts , suddenly angry that his promised lift was n’t here to meet him .
Started thumbing through his phone contacts , looking for a name to call and rant at .


‘ Ah , Mr Damon ? ’
A timid voice , heavy West Coast accent .
A thin - shouldered kid with perfect hair and a suit that looked like it had been ironed on smiled at him nervously .
‘ Mr Damon , I ’ m Jonathan .
Jonathan Parker .
Sorry for the delay in meeting you , the parking here … ’ he nodded slightly over his shoulder , ‘ is a nightmare . ’


Hal took the kid ’s hand , shook it .
Tried not to wince at the sweaty palm .
‘ Do n’t worry about it , ’ he said .


Jonathan ’s face cracked into a horrible fixed smile .
All teeth and twitching dimples .
It did n’t hit the eyes .
Politician in training , __ Hal thought .


‘ Shall we ? ’
Jonathan asked , motioning towards the double doors .
‘ We ’ve got you booked into The Royal Scot on Princes Street .
Should n’t take too long to get there at this … ’


Hal shook his head .
‘ Forget that .
Get on the phone , round everyone up , tell them to meet us at the parliament .
Sooner we start getting some lines on this , the better . ’


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


‘ So tell me , ladies and gentlemen , how the _fuck_ did this get out in the open ? ’


DI Jason Burns was not a happy man .
He was pacing around in front of the assembled officers in Gayfield Place police station ’s CID suite , trying to give his best pissed - off sneer .
His jowly face reminded Susie of raw cookie dough , and it had turned an angry scarlet that eclipsed even the shock of thinning bright ginger hair on top of his head , which , coupled with his blunt , relentless style in the interviewing room , had earned him the unkind nickname of Third Degree Burns around the station .


He was holding up a copy of the morning edition of the _Capital Tribune_ – complete with the headline ‘ MSP ’S DAUGHTER IN “ SUICIDE ” DEATH RIDDLE ’ and a huge picture of uniformed officers cordoning off the Scott Monument yesterday – as though it were the head of some enemy he had just decapitated .


So much for the hope of a better day .
Susie had woken up early , been staring at the ceiling when the alarm screeched at 5.30am .
Thought about going out for another run but the dull ache in her legs from the previous night talked her out of it .
She had finally got home at 10pm , head swimming with forensic reports , witness statements and the hellish freeze - frame images of Katherine Buchan ’s shattered body .
Before she left last night , she had called the hospital to see if Brian Edwards , the poor sod who had been closest to Katherine when she landed , was in any fit state to talk .


After being bounced from extension to extension at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary for a good five minutes – her nerves becoming increasingly frayed every time she was subjected to another synthesised version of Madame Butterfly when she was put on hold – Susie had managed to speak to the nurse on Edwards ’ psychiatric ward .


‘ There ’s no real change , DS Drummond , ’ the nurse , whose name Susie had forgotten , told her .
‘ We ’ve managed to get him sedated , but he ’s still in deep shock .
When they brought him in , he was manic , clawing at his face , screaming about the blood and brains . ’
The nurse sighed , his deep voice at the wrong end of a very long day .
‘ Poor bastard .
Seeing something like that … ’


Susie murmured agreement .
She did n’t need reminding .
She thanked the nurse for his time , got him to promise he would call her if Edwards improved , then headed for home ; a two - bed flat a ten - minute walk from the station on Broughton Road .


She had fought the temptation to just flop down on the couch and flick the TV on , got into her running gear and hit the streets .
Ran along Bonnington Road then took a left down to Leith , following the coastal path .
She ran for an hour , heavy bass pulsing in her ears , trying to shut out the day .
It did n’t work .
Home , and with mind still racing , she hooked a chin - up bar to her bedroom door frame and put herself through a circuit of pull - ups , press - ups and sit - ups , only stopping when her arms were numb and shaking .


After a shower and a tasteless microwave meal , she flopped into bed and pretended to concentrate on re - reading _The Old Curiosity Shop_ before falling into a sleep that was more blackout than restful .


And now , here she was , confronted by an enraged DI .
Perfect .


She resisted the urge to slump into her chair and drop her gaze .
No one knew it was her who had given the story to Doug , and no one would .
But in a room full of detectives , and with Burns glaring around the room , looking for the smallest sign of guilt , any embarrassed shifting in her chair would be the same as hanging a sign reading ‘ IT WAS ME ’ around her neck .
Doug had been as good as his word , talking up the fact that suicide was the way the police were thinking and witnesses were being sought urgently , but keeping her quotes just bland enough to make sure they could n’t be tied to her .


But still , she wondered , had she done the right thing ?
She had gone to Doug because she knew she could trust him , knew he was the best way to get the story out and handled – at least , initially – the way she wanted it to be before it was thrown into the bear pit of national coverage .
But he was getting more out of it than she was .
His editor was no doubt ecstatic that Doug had managed to bag an exclusive , but what did she get in return ?
Answer : nothing , or a severe bollocking , suspension or worse if she was found out .


No matter how much she owed him , was it worth the risk ?


Case in point , the fuming DI Burns now pacing up and down in front of her .
His skin was a dusty purple now , nostrils flaring wildly as he spoke .
He looked ready to have a stroke .


‘ If I find out who leaked this , I ’ll rip their balls off , ’ he whispered .
‘ This is a delicate case .
Yes , we need witnesses , but we need to go through the right channels .
King ! ’


DC Eddie King jumped in his chair .
He ’d been half - asleep throughout Burns ’ rant .
‘ Yes , boss ? ’


‘ Head down to the press conference at Fettes .
I ’ve no doubt our friend Mr McGregor will be there .
Have a word with him , will you ?
He ’s not going to finger his source , but remind him this is a police investigation and we do n’t need hacks getting in the way .
Right ? ’


‘ Yes , sir , ’ King whispered .
He sounded like he ’d just been handed a life sentence .


Burns stopped pacing and glared out at the officers in front of him .
‘ No more fuck - ups people .
This is a sensitive case .
We need to know what Katherine Buchan was doing before she took a dive from the Monument .
We need to know who was up there with her , if anyone saw anything suspicious .
What type of woman was she ?
Did she have a reason to top herself , if that ’s what happened ?
Any friends , enemies , lovers in the picture ?
What was her state of mind ?
Any money problems , debts , drugs or alcohol problems ?
We ’ve got a lot of questions here , and having a fuckwit MSP who ’s on first - name terms with the Chief is n’t making our lives any easier .
They want answers .
I want the right answers .
So no fucking shortcuts .
Understood ? ’


A general murmur of agreement filled the room as officers got to their feet .
Susie headed back to her desk to get ready .
She had an appointment with the Buchans in half an hour .
It would n’t do to keep them waiting .


* Chapter 10 Chapter 10 { { { 1 # 10


Charlie could feel the bass of the music vibrate through the floorboards and up through his spine as he stepped out of the shower .
He paused for a moment in front of the mirror , casting an appraising eye over his reflection .


Not bad .
His shoulders were wide and heavily muscled , like his arms , the waist tapered and lean .
Although he did n’t really work at it , he had a fairly reasonable six - pack , which was only spoiled by the long , ugly scar twisting its way across his stomach and down towards his left hip .
He smiled slightly at the memory of how he got that scar .


Twenty - one years old , ready to take on the world .
He was small - time muscle at the time , little more than a rent - a - thug for bigger fish , so when a debt collection went wrong and a knife was pulled on him , he was n’t overly surprised .
He was , however , careless .
He let the guy he was collecting from , a ratty - looking smackhead by the name of Stevie Jones , slice his guts open before he got the knife away from him .
He had made Stevie pay for that .


Charlie walked away with a scar .
Stevie lost an eye and an ear .
Lesson learned .


Wrapping a towel around himself , he padded into his bedroom .
He opened a drawer beside his bed , pushed his socks and pants aside and pulled out the knife .
The very knife that had carved the scar .


He flicked it open , the blade catching the watery morning light shining in through the window blinds .
Despite its age , the blade was immaculate , razor sharp .
Since his meeting with Stevie , he had found the knife to be an invaluable tool in his work , and only a sloppy workman neglected his tools .


He ran his thumb down the blade , watching as a thin line of blood formed in its wake .


‘ Make sure the bastard suffers , ’ his client had said last night .


He glanced at the clock .
Still early .
Perfect .
Plenty of time to plan for this evening .


Gently , he sucked the blood from his thumb , relishing the hot , coppery tang in his mouth .


Anything to keep the customer happy .


* Chapter 11 Chapter 11 { { { 1 # 11


Despite an enthusiasm as disgusting as his choice of tie , Jonathan proved to be a very useful little go - fer .
He had arranged a meet and greet with the party chiefs while driving Hal into the city last night , had them all assembled in a pine - panelled meeting room by the time they pulled up in front of the parliament , which was , Hal thought , the ugliest building he had ever seen .
It was all concrete and what looked like bamboo , glowing in the dull orange of streetlights that only served to make the incongruous angles and shapes stand out all the more .


Hal was greeted with muted politeness by the politicians , party workers and officials Jonathan had assembled .
He shook hands and exchanged warm words , could almost smell the suspicion of him as the ‘ big gun ’ sent in by CCHQ in London to make sure the situation did n’t blow up in the party ’s face .


Hal had made the move into freelance PR about five years ago , taking most of his client list with him when he bailed out on the marketing agency he had worked with since leaving school .
He had made his name as a PR fixer fairly quickly , lucky that some of his clients – ranging from a major high street retailer to B - list celebrities – found themselves in trouble more often than not .


But this one had caught him by surprise .
One call from Tory headquarters looking for some PR advice on a ‘ delicate situation north of the border ’ , the promise of a mid - five - figure payday and the hint of future work , and here he was .
Although , given the move to get him on board , Hal was n’t sure the Tories really needed another spin doctor on the case : they seemed to be masters at the game themselves .
After all , who better to defend a man known for his objections to gay marriage and threats to ‘ traditional values ’ than a gay man with a husband and baby at home ?
The party could bleat on all it wanted about ‘ getting the best man for the job ’ , but Hal knew he was the message as much as the messenger .
And the message was clear : ‘ We ’re supporting Buchan in his time of need , but any views he has that could alienate voters are his alone .
Just look at who we ’ve got to work with him . ’


After assuring everyone in the room that he was n’t there to impose the CCHQ line , Hal had got to work crafting a response to the Buchan situation .
The reactive stuff was easy ; go heavy on the family grief line , release a prepared statement ( that he would write ) and get them off the stage as quickly as possible .


The trickier part of the problem was the bigger picture .
Public sympathy for Buchan could galvanise support for his ‘ full - term sentencing plan ’ , and that was what had the London Tories ’ blue blood running cold .
With the independence referendum looming , they did n’t need or want anything that cast them in the light of the bad old days – crime and punishment nuts who did n’t give a fuck for a non - existent society .
And Buchan ’s plan was too hardline for them to stomach .
But the harsh truth was that there was also mileage in his daughter ’s death ; public sympathy to capitalise on .
And if he could be softened , if Far Right Marmite ( Hal hated the nickname ) could be shown to be a vulnerable , grieving father , it was a vote winner .


They had worked late , crafting a line that was respectful yet emphatic .
Agreed a statement from the family for the press conference the next day , made sure Jonathan got it to the family for sign - off .
Hal then made the MSPs brief him on the wider picture – the support for Buchan across the parliament , who might decide to back him , who could carry a Bill forward in his name .


That done , and satisfied that everyone was on message , Hal had got Jonathan to drive him to his hotel .
He checked in , ordered a drink from room service then , restless , walked out into the rain .
Wandered along Princes Street , which , from what Hal could see , was nothing more than a cheap outdoor shopping arcade stuffed with discount stores and burger joints with a castle looming over it .
He stopped a block from the hotel at the police tape that was fluttering in the wind .
Looked up at the ornate stone monument that Katherine Buchan had thrown herself from .
He stared at it for a moment , touched the phone in his pocket , willed it to ring .
For Colin to phone him , tell him it was okay , he understood .


When it did n’t happen , Hal had headed back to the hotel .
Read for an hour , press clippings , mostly , from reporters likely to be at the press conference .


He had woken up late , was just pouring his first cup of coffee when Jonathan knocked on his door .
The horrible fake smile was even more grotesque in the daylight .


‘ It ’s all ready , ’ he told Hal .
‘ Police have a room set up at their HQ , they ’ll take the lead and we … ah , you , of course , can present the family statement .
We ’ll e - mail it out when the presser starts .
I ’ve also got hard copies here ’ , he waved a thick sheaf of papers in front of Hal ’s nose , ‘ in case anyone needs them .
Oh , and I got you the morning papers like you asked for as well .
They ’re in the car . ’


Hal nodded , murmured thanks between sips of coffee .
Useful little go - fer .


‘ Right , then , ’ he said .
‘ Let ’s get going , shall we ?
After all , we do n’t want to keep the press waiting . ’


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Home for the Buchans was a Georgian townhouse down a tree - lined , cobbled street in Stockbridge , a fairly well - heeled area of Edinburgh only a couple of miles from Fettes and the Botanic Gardens .


The drawing room that Susie had been ushered into by Linda Buchan , the small , matronly looking woman who had answered the front door , was immense , there was no other word for it .
The far wall was dominated by a large window , which looked out onto the street below and flooded the room with natural light .
A few tasteful – and no doubt expensive – watercolours hung from the cream walls , while a display cabinet of what looked like antique crystal shimmered lazily in the sunlight .
With its high , corniced ceilings , ornate wooden fireplace and stripped wood floors , the room could n’t have been more different from the two - bedroom , Ikea - furnished flat in Broughton that Susie called home .


The drawing room door swung open and Susie was startled from her thoughts by the echoing report of shoes on the polished floor .
She turned to see Richard Buchan striding towards her , hand already reaching out to shake hers .


If Susie had been asked to draw a photo fit of a stereotypical Tory , Buchan would have been roughly the opposite .
Growing up with a father who worked through the miners ’ strike , forced to face friends at the picket lines , called ‘ scab ’ and attacked , she had been raised to believe that all Conservatives were either starch - haired , severe - looking women with a penchant for power suits and vampiric overbites , or tired - looking old men in pinstripes who peered out at the world from behind thick - framed glasses .


Buchan , though , was something different .
He was about the same height as Susie ; 5ft 9ins , with the thick - set , stocky body of a rugby player gone to seed .
His neatly styled back hair was peppered here and there with the first tinges of grey – either that or the grey was staging a defiant fightback through Grecian 2000 .
His glasses , which slightly magnified his watery blue eyes , were wire - framed and unobtrusive .


She noticed dark rings under his eyes and the sparkling , slightly wild - eyed look of a man deprived of sleep but , other than that , he was hiding his sorrow well .
It must , she thought , have something to do with his legal background .
As a QC , Buchan would have projected an air of unflappable confidence .
In grief , he seemed little different .


‘ Richard Buchan , ’ he said , giving Susie ’s hand a brief squeeze as he shook it .
‘ My apologies for keeping you waiting , but , as you can understand , there is a lot to organise at the moment . ’


‘ Not at all , ’ Susie replied , giving Buchan what she hoped was understanding smile .
‘ I ’ m Detective Sergeant Susie Drummond .
I ’ m sorry to intrude on you and your wife at such a difficult time , but , if you could perhaps answer a few questions … ’


Buchan nodded his head slightly .
‘ Of course , ’ he said , gesturing towards two large , black leather couches that faced each other over a coffee table .
‘ Shall we sit down ? ’


Susie took a seat , Buchan adjusted his suit as he sat on the other couch .
She reached into her bag and produced a notepad and pen .


‘ Is Mrs Buchan joining us ? ’ she asked .


Buchan sighed slightly .
‘ I ’d rather she did n’t if you do n’t mind , ’ he said .
‘ This has almost been too much to take for Linda .
I think she ’s still in shock .
Going over it all again , talking about Katherine … ’


Susie nodded , remembering the blank gaze and small , disconnected voice that had greeted her when Linda Buchan opened the door .
‘ No , that ’s fine , Mr Buchan .
As I said , I ’ve only got a few questions , and they ’re merely routine . ’


Buchan nodded but said nothing , happy to sit in silence until Susie made the first move .
She took a deep breath , ran through the questions she wanted to ask in her mind , and then got started .


‘ When was the last time you saw Katherine ? ’


‘ About a week ago , ’ he replied , eyes drifting towards the window as he spoke .
‘ Last Monday , it would have been .
She had a little time off and was in town for the day – shopping , or something – so we met up and had lunch . ’


‘ And where was that ? ’


‘ The Grain Store restaurant on Victoria Street .
It ’s only about fifteen minutes ’ walk from the parliament at Holyrood , so it was ideal . ’


‘ And how was Katherine when you saw her ? ’


‘ Fine , ’ Buchan replied .
‘ Her usual self ; better , in fact .
She had just started planning a new exhibition , and she was quite excited .
Something about landing a famous photographer for the show . ’


‘ Show ? ’
Susie asked .


‘ Why , yes , ’ Buchan replied , the sofa creaking slightly as he shifted his position .
‘ Actually , I ’ m surprised you did n’t know .
Katherine works … ’
He paused , lowered his head and took a ragged breath .
‘ Sorry , worked , as the manager of an art gallery in the Old Town .
Modern art , glasswork , photography , that kind of thing . ’


Of course , Susie already knew that .
But sometimes , playing dumb in an interview yielded results .
Like now .
She could have sworn there was something else in Buchan ’s voice .
Disapproval ?
The proud father disappointed by the path his little girl had chosen ?
Maybe .
Or maybe she was just hearing an echo of her own dad in Buchan ’s words .


‘ And she said nothing to indicate that she was depressed or worried about something ? ’


‘ No , nothing at all .
I wish she had , though , wished I ’d paid more attention when I saw her .
If she ’d just told me what was troubling her , or if I ’d noticed something , I would have been able to help her , avoid all … ’ he gestured aimlessly with his hands , ‘ … this . ’


Susie shook her head slightly .
She ’d seen enough suicides and those affected by them to know that , more often than people liked to admit , there were no telltale signs .
The decision to take your life was a secret you kept locked away .


You would live your life as normal , meeting family and friends , talking , laughing ; your thoughts of bottles of pills or slitting wrists safely locked away .
Until the moment you were alone , the door bolted , the safety rail on the bridge climbed , the knife resting against your wrist .
And by then , it was too late .
It was your decision , yours alone .
Live or die ?


She studied her notes , searching for a way to phrase her next question as delicately as possible .
She could n’t find one .


‘ Mr Buchan … did your daughter have any enemies that you know of ?
Anyone who might have wanted to hurt her ? ’


Buchan gave a harsh , humourless laugh .
‘ If you had known Katherine , you ’d know how ridiculous that question was , ’ he said .
‘ She would never hurt a fly .
Why ?
Surely you do n’t think someone did this to her ? ’


‘ No , ’ Susie said as apologetically as possible .
‘ As I ’ve said , these questions are purely routine .
We ’re just covering all the possibilities . ’


‘ Ah , ’ Buchan said slowly .
‘ Like that reporter from the _Tribune_ , you mean ? ’


Susie felt heat flash through her cheeks .
Shit , she thought she had got away with it , that he was n’t going to mention it .


‘ Yes , sir , ’ she said quietly , raising her eyes to meet the intense stare challenging her .
‘ We can only apologise for that and assure you … ’


He raised a dismissive hand .
‘ Forgive me , that was a cheap shot .
Besides , I ’ve already spoken to the Chief Superintendent , who ’s given me a full apology and assurance it wo n’t happen again .
No need for you to worry . ’


Chief Superintendent ?
Oh fuck .


Susie cleared her throat , forced herself to concentrate .
‘ Did Katherine have a boyfriend , Mr Buchan ?
Or a close friend she may have confided in ? ’


‘ Not that I can think of , no , ’ Buchan replied , just a fraction of a second too quickly for Susie ’s liking .
‘ Oh , she was friendly enough with Lizzie . ’
He noticed Susie ’s quizzical glance .
‘ Elizabeth Renwick from the gallery , but you must understand , Detective Sergeant , Katherine was an intensely shy , private person .
She loved her art and her work , but she always found being with people … tiring . ’


‘ Including you and Mrs Buchan ? ’


‘ Of course not , ’ he snapped back , impatience bubbling below the veneer of civility .
‘ We were her parents .
She knew she could come to us at any time , with any problem , no matter what it was . ’


Ah , but she had n’t though , had she ?
Whatever had happened at the top of the Scott Monument had either happened on the spur of the moment , or Katherine had kept whatever was bothering her from her father when they met for lunch .
Susie was trained not to jump to conclusions , to follow the chain of evidence one link at a time , but her gut told her this was a suicide case .
There were hundreds of more discreet ways to kill someone than pushing them off a tourist attraction .
And if it had been a robbery , surely Katherine would have screamed or lashed out – something , anything , that would have attracted more attention .


No , it was a suicide .
Susie was sure of it .
And , if that was true , and Katherine had decided to end it all , then she had been keeping a secret , whatever it was that spurred her on , from her parents .


What ?
And , more important , why ?


In the hall , the phone began to ring .
Buchan glanced at Susie .
‘ Will that be all , Detective , or is there something else I can help you with ? ’


Susie shook her head as she stood up to leave .
‘ No , Mr Buchan , I think that ’s it for just now .
We ’ll be in touch if there ’s anything else . ’


Buchan nodded , offering his hand to Susie again as he escorted her to the door .
In the hallway , Linda Buchan was standing with the phone cradled to her ear .
When she saw her husband , she held out the phone to him and mumbled , ‘ It ’s for you . ’
Her eyes were still blank .


‘ Thank you , dear , ’ Buchan said , taking the phone and giving his wife a supportive squeeze on the shoulder .
He put a hand over the receiver and turned to Susie with an apologetic glance .


‘ No problem , ’ she said .
‘ I ’ll see myself out .
Thanks again for your time . ’


Linda Buchan watched Susie leave as her husband turned his attention to the phone .
It was like being watched by a statue .


* Chapter 12 Chapter 12 { { { 1 # 12


It was 2pm by the time Doug got back from the press conference at the Fettes police centre , feeling for all the world like he had wasted his time .
Most of what the police had given him merely confirmed what Susie had told him last night .
The only new lines were the official statement from Katherine ’s family telling of their ‘ shock and heartbreak ’ at their daughter ’s death .
The statement was read out by a guy so well - manicured Doug knew he had to be a hired mouthpiece , along with a direct appeal for anyone who had seen anything or was up the Monument at the time , to get in touch ‘ so we can ascertain our beloved daughter ’s final moments and find some peace ’ .
The suit also released a family picture of Katherine in the hope it would jog some memories .


Sitting in his car outside , reporters and TV crews milling around in the street like supporters dispersing after a football match , Doug had written up the story and sent it to Walter at the _Tribune_ by e - mail so it could go in the second edition .
He was just waiting for Walter to call to tell him whether the story was fine or missing something when there was a soft tapping on his window .


Doug rolled down the window , and a reedy - looking DC stuck his hand through to introduce himself as Eddie King .
He had heard Susie mention the name before , not always in the kindest of terms .


‘ Yes , Eddie , what can I do for you ? ’


‘ Well , I ’ve been asked to have a word with you by DI Burns , ’ Eddie said .
He was , Doug guessed , aiming for a tough , official tone .
It came out more school prefect than CID officer .


‘ Ah , and how is the Third Degree ? ’
Doug asked .
‘ Still brow - beating suspects into submission ? ’


King bristled noticeably .
The friendly , we ’re - men - of - the - world smile slipped from his face .
‘ _Detective Inspector_ Burns has asked me to remind you this is an official police investigation , Mr McGregor .
He was none too pleased to read your “ exclusive ” this morning , especially with this being such a delicate case . ’


On the dashboard , Doug ’s phone began to ring .
Saved by the bell .
He flicked answer .
‘ Hold on a minute , Walter , I ’ m just finishing something up here , ’ he said as he turned back to Eddie .
‘ Thanks for the advice , Eddie .
I ’ll bear it in mind .
Oh , and remember to tell Third Degree I said hello . ’


King was still trying to think up a comeback when Doug turned his attention back to the phone .
He spoke to Walter for a couple of minutes , going over the story and press conference , making sure he had n’t missed a line from the story he had filed .
When they were both satisfied he had n’t , Walter had told Doug to head back to the office .


Now , sitting back at his desk , the soft cacophony of phones , chattering keyboards and undercurrent of conversation surrounding him , Doug slumped in his chair .
He had n’t got home until three in the morning – blame a blazing run on the poker table which saw him climb from £ 30 to £ 400 before he came crashing down to earth – and he was back in the office at 7am .
His stomach burned from all the coffee he had drunk to try and stay awake , and he could feel the caffeine jangling sourly through his nerves , but still , all he wanted to do was sleep .
Just five minutes , that was all , just a little shut - eye …


His phone rang , jarring him from his dazed near - sleep .
He fumbled for the handset , almost missing it and knocking over a thankfully empty coffee cup in the process .


‘ Hello , _Capital Tribune_ . ’


No answer on the other end of the line .


‘ Hello ? ’


A pause .
Then a man ’s voice .
Soft - spoken , hesitant .
‘ Can I speak to Doug McGregor ? ’


‘ Speaking . ’


‘ You the one who wrote the story about the girl who died at the Scott Monument ? ’


_Naw_ , Doug felt like saying , _I just put my name on it for the fun of it_ .
He sighed internally .
So began the nut calls .
It was always the same with the big , colourful stories .
They attracted nutters like flies .
He would have to talk to Emma on reception again , ask her not to put everyone who called for him straight through .


‘ Yes , that ’s me , ’ Doug said .
‘ Can I help you at all , Mr … ? ’


‘ Disnae matter whit ma name is , ’ the voice said , growing harder .
‘ What matters is you do n’t believe what they tell you . ’


‘ What who tells me ? ’


‘ The polis , ’ came the reply , an edge of frustration and anger creeping into the voice .
‘ They ’re trying to say she killed herself .
She did n’t .
Believe me . ’


Doug sat bolt upright , fumbling for a pen and notepad .
Ignored the curious glances from around the room .
‘ What do you mean , she did n’t kill herself ? ’


The reply was flat , final .
‘ She was pushed . ’


Be calm , Doug told himself as he scribbled notes , this could just be another hoax , another nutcase .
But he did n’t think so .
There was something in the voice , was n’t there ?


‘ You saw her being pushed off the Scott Monument ? ’


‘ No , but I know she was pushed .
Know it . ’


‘ How do you know ? ’


‘ Because I fuckin ’ _DO_ , okay ? ’ the man bellowed , voice raw with fury and something else .
It took Doug a moment to catch what it was .
Sorrow .


‘ Look , ’ Doug said slowly , ‘ whoever you are , you ’re not giving me anything to go on .
You say you know Katherine Buchan ’s death was n’t an accident , but you wo n’t tell me anything about yourself , how you know this , or even how you know her .
If you think someone pushed her , then who ? ’


Another pause on the line , the only sound harsh , uneven breathing .
And then , just as Doug was beginning to think the caller was about to hang up , he spoke again .


‘ It was McGinty , ’ the voice said .
‘ Derek McGinty pushed her , McGregor .
Derek fucking McGinty .
You know , the bastard you wrote all those stories about ? ’


Doug felt as though he had just taken one too many fast turns on a rollercoaster .
McGinty ?
Jesus Christ .
It sounded insane , unreal .
Why would McGinty , whose face had been splashed over every newspaper and TV station in Scotland , be in the centre of Edinburgh when he was trying to keep a low profile ?
And , even assuming he did , why the hell would he spontaneously decide to throw a woman he had never met off the top of a busy tourist attraction ?


It made no sense .
Did n’t add up .


Except …


Except McGinty had n’t been seen since being driven out of Cairneyhill .
If the thinking that he would head for his parents was true , and he did n’t have a car , he ’d have to go through Edinburgh to get to Prestonview .
He ’d need money to get there .


Susie ’s words now , ringing in Doug ’s ears : _We ’re not ruling out a robbery gone wrong_ .
Something else flashed across his mind ’s eye , caught , then disappeared again like the afterglow of a camera flash .
What … ?


Doug closed his eyes , trying to rein in his thoughts .


‘ What makes you think it was McGinty who murdered Katherine ? ’


‘ I do n’t think , McGregor , I know , ’ the voice spat .
‘ You ’re meant to be the crime reporter , do some fucking reporting .
Derek McGinty pushed Katherine Buchan to her death .
I know you do n’t believe me , but do n’t worry , I ’ll send you a little reminder of our chat .
Something to convince you . ’


‘ Look , if you ’re worried about being named , do n’t .
I ’ll keep you anonymous .
If we can just meet and … ’


‘ No fuckin ’ chance , ’ came the harsh reply .
‘ But do n’t worry , like I said , I ’ll send you something special . ’


‘ Hold on , I … ’
Too late .
Whoever had called , they ’d hung up .


Doug cut the connection then dialled 1471 , only to hear the ‘ sorry , the caller withheld their number ’ message .
Predictable .


‘ Shit , ’ he whispered .
Now what ?
Derek McGinty ?
Could it be true ?
The rational journalist in Doug was telling him it was a hoax – that someone had seen the stories he had written in the _Tribune_ , added two and two and come up with five .
But , then again …


And what did whoever had just called him mean by ‘ I ’ll send you a little reminder of our chat , something special ’ ?


Doug was n’t sure he wanted to find out .


* Chapter 13 Chapter 13 { { { 1 # 13


Rita McGinty was just settling down to her nightly soap ritual – _Emmerdale_ , _Coronation Street_ and _EastEnders_ – when Sam shrugged his jacket on .
She glanced up at him , worry etching its way across her face .


‘ You ’re going out ?
Again ? ’


He had nipped to the shops earlier this afternoon , ‘ just to get a pint of milk , ’ he had told her .
Which was true .
What he had n’t told her was he wanted to pick something up for tonight , just in case .


‘ Yeah , ’ he said .
‘ Just for a little while , love .
Thought I ’d get out , see Mike and the boys down at the House .
Give you peace to watch your soaps .
I wo n’t be long , promise . ’


Rita glanced nervously at the curtains .
‘ But what if they … ? ’


Sam went to her , leant over and kissed her gently on the forehead .
He could kill Derek for this .
Rita did n’t deserve any of this .
Neither of them did .


‘ They wo n’t , love , ’ he said , as soothingly as he could .
‘ It ’s dark now and getting cold .
There ’s been no sign of Derek for a month .
He ’s not coming back here , they know that .
And besides , they ’ve got that poor girl ’s family to go and pester now . ’
He nodded to the copy of the _Tribune_ lying on the coffee table in front of the couch .


Rita nodded , curling her feet under her on the couch .
He could tell she was n’t convinced , but she was n’t going to stop him , either .


‘ Right , I ’ll see you in a bit , ’ he said , heading for the door .


‘ Do n’t be too long , love , ’ she said , the pleading tone in her voice stabbing at him .


‘ I wo n’t , love .
Love you . ’


‘ Love you , too . ’


The night was cold and clear , the stars bright chips of ice .
Sam kept his eyes straight ahead , watching his breath as it plumed out in front of him in frosted clouds .
At the end of the street he came to the small vennel that would lead out of the estate .
If he turned left and kept walking , he would come to the Halfway House .
Straight on took him across the fields and towards the old railway line .


Sam paused , undecided .
The thought of just turning left and heading for the pub flashed across his mind .
It would be so easy .
A five - minute walk and he would be there , sharing a joke with Mike and the others , warming himself beside the open fire as Denver farted his way through another evening while the regulars made their usual jokes about it .
Just one of the guys .
Just an old man living an ordinary life .
A man whose wife was at home waiting for him , happily watching her soaps , not glancing nervously at the phone every two seconds , body tensed for the next call , the next knock at the door , the next question .
A man whose son was n’t a rapist .


But then , if he abandoned Derek , what would that make him ?
Just the same as his father , who walked out on his mother after fucking his way through most of the women he met on his all - too - frequent ‘ boys ’ nights ’ ?
The rest of the world had given up on his son , but Sam had n’t .
He could not , would not .


Would he ?


He had crossed the road and was heading for the railway line before he knew the decision had been made .
As he walked , a growing unrest filled his mind .
It was n’t fear exactly – even after everything that had happened he was n’t afraid of Derek – it was more unease at not knowing what was coming next .


He had n’t seen his son in years – he had visited briefly when he was released from prison – and it had been one of the most excruciating experiences of Sam ’s life .
Rita sat in her chair , glaring at Derek with open contempt and hatred .
It had n’t surprised Sam .
Rita ’s upbringing had been small - town strict ; a steady diet of strict morals , propriety and church on a Sunday .
The opposite sex were a temptation , and sex itself outside marriage a sin , she had been taught .
So when her son , her _only son_ , was convicted for a depraved sex assault on a defenceless , innocent young girl , her reaction was predictable .


Trying to get beyond that , Sam attempted to break the ice , tried to engage his son in small talk about the future and his plans , flailing for something , anything , to rebuild their relationship on .
To try to understand what had driven Derek to do what he had done .


He had failed .
The oppressive silence in the house proved too much for Derek , who stormed out of the door , telling his parents to go and fuck themselves .
And that was it .
They had n’t heard from again since .
Until yesterday .


Sam climbed over a stile and trudged across a field – frosted mud crunching beneath his boots – then headed down the path that led onto the old railway line .
Somewhere in the distance a dog barked , and he could dimly hear traffic on the new stretch of A1 that ran behind Prestonview , linking East Lothian to the main road down to Newcastle , but , other than that , everything was silent .


The tree he had arranged to meet Derek at was an old , gnarled oak about five hundred yards in front of him , its thin , skeletal branches the colour of bone in the moonlight .
Sam walked up to it and stopped , heart pounding in his ears .
He looked around .
Nothing .
Typical Derek .
Come out of nowhere , upset everything , and then . . .


‘ Dad ? ’


Sam jumped back as a shape emerged from the shadows that pooled around the tree ’s trunk .
He peered into the darkness .
‘ Derek ?
That you ? ’


‘ Naw , it ’s fuckin ’ Santa , ’ Derek snapped .
Stopped .
Sighed .
Forced back the anger and churning in his guts .
Spoke more softly .
‘ Yeah , Dad , it ’s me . ’


It took Sam a moment to believe it .
The last time he had seen Derek , his son had been overweight and flabby , his face drooping with jowls of fat .
The man who stood in front of him now was gaunt , almost overly thin , with defined cheekbones and a square jaw .
He was wearing a heavy jacket , but Sam could still tell that underneath it , Derek ’s beer belly had gone as well .


‘ It ’s … it ’s good to see you , son , ’ Sam whispered , trying to keep his voice even as he spoke .


Derek laughed sharply .
It was n’t a pleasant sound .
‘ We both know that ’s a pile of shit , Dad , but thanks anyway . ’


‘ Look , son , ’ Sam said , ‘ we have n’t got much time , what with all these reporters hanging around .
When you called , I thought you might need some cash , so … ’


Derek reached forward , taking hold of Sam ’s arm as he reached inside his pocket for the cash he had withdrawn earlier in the day .
His grip was strong .


‘ No , Dad , ’ Derek whispered , his voice unusually soft .
God , but he sounded tired .
‘ That ’s not why I called , just the opposite in fact . Here . ’


He handed over a large brown envelope .
Sam tore it open , his breath catching in his throat when he saw the contents .
Even in the moonlight he could see that the envelope was stuffed with money – £ 20 and £ 50 notes , by the look of it .


Sam looked up , straining to read his son ’s face in the darkness .
‘ Derek ?
What ’s going on ?
Where did you get this money ?
Oh God , please do n’t tell me you … ’


‘ Give me a fucking break , ’ Derek snapped .
‘ Christ all - fucking - mighty , Dad , it ’s always the same , is n’t it ?
What , you think I broke into the offy on the high street , emptied the till on the way here ? ’


‘ It would n’t be the first time , would it , Derek ? ’
Sam snapped , voice trembling with the old anger .
What the fuck was he doing here ?
Trying to buy them off , say sorry for all the stress and pain he had put Sam and Rita through with a wad of cash and a half - arsed poor - me plea ?
Fuck that .


Derek took a step forward , saw the way his dad ’s shoulders straightened , felt the prickle in the back of his neck that told him violence was on the horizon .
Closed his eyes .
Took a deep breath .
_I believe in you , Derek , I have faith . _


Bit back his rage .
Forced his voice to be calm .
‘ I did n’t do anything , Dad , I just collected some of what was owed to me .
Look , I do n’t have much time .
I just came back to give you this and tell you I ’ m leaving .
I ’ve got a couple of things to sort out , and then that ’s me . Gone . ’


‘ Wh … where ? ’


‘ I do n’t know , ’ Derek shrugged .
‘ Anywhere away from here .
Where they do n’t know my face . ’


‘ So that ’s your answer is it , run away ?
Buy your mum and I off with some cash that you got from God knows where and then just disappear ?
Is that it ? ’


‘ Fuck off , ’ Derek sneered .
‘ What choice do I have here , Dad ?
It ’s not like anyone is going to forgive or forget what I ’ve done , not like I can start again . ’


‘ You think you deserve that ?
After what you did ? ’


‘ No , Dad , ’ Derek sighed , ‘ I probably do n’t .
But I ’ m going to try anyway .
So take this .
Do something for you and Mum .
Christ knows , you deserve it . ’


Sam was stunned .
He could n’t believe Derek was talking like this .
What had happened to him ?


‘ Son , I … ’


‘ Do n’t , Dad , just do n’t .
Just take the cash and go .
Please .
Tell Mum you won it on the lottery or something , if you have to . ’


‘ Will … will you let us know where you are when you know ? ’


It was hard to tell in the light , but Sam thought he could see Derek smile .
‘ Aye , I ’ m sure Mum would love a postcard from me an ’ aw .
Now go on .
If you hurry , you ’ve got time for a pint before you get back to Mum .
Have it on me . ’


Sam opened his mouth , closed it .
He did n’t know what to say .
He took a step forward , grasping his son with all his strength .
The arthritis in his hands and arms snarled angrily .
He barely felt it .


‘ You take care , ’ he whispered .


‘ I will , Dad , I will . ’
And then he was gone , jogging down the railway path and into the shadows .
Sam stood watching him for a moment , fighting back the tears welling in his eyes .


It was a fight he never won .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Derek had left the Polo in a small car park about half a mile along the track from where he had met his dad .
He ran the whole way back , lungs burning by the time he got there , eyes dry from the cold and reddened by tears .


It was n’t much , but the car would do for tonight .
He would drive up behind Pencaitland , find a wooded lane or farm road , park up and sleep there .
He had the money for a hotel , but this way was easier .
Less chance of being recognised , less chance of some night receptionist phoning the police .
The last thing he needed right now was the pigs crawling all over him .


As he approached the Polo , he noticed something was wrong .
The car was sitting at an odd angle .
Getting closer , he saw the driver - side tyres were flat .


‘ Oh sh … ’


He had just enough time to register something glinting in the corner of his eye before his head exploded in agony .
Darkness rushed in on him like a wave as he crumpled to the cold ground , blood spurting from his skull and soaking his hair .
He cried out , but could n’t be sure if he would be heard over the roaring that seemed to fill the world .
He tried to get up , tried to move , but could n’t .
It was as if he had been disconnected from his body .


‘ Hiya , Derek , ’ a voice said from what seemed to be very far away .
He knew that voice .
Tried to place it , lost it .
Was n’t important , anyway .
He was going to pass out soon .


‘ Long time , no see .
How are ya ?
Me ?
I ’ m fuckin ’ great . ’


Derek folded over as a boot was driven viciously into his ribs .
He felt one crack , screamed as bone ground against bone .
The kick was swiftly followed by another .
And another .
Then , more talking , that same naggingly familiar voice .
Dimly , he could hear the sound of boots crunching on gravel as his attacker circled him , gloating .
He shut out the words , focused on staying conscious .


_Breathe , Derek , for fuck ’s sake , breathe ! _


He shook his head , trying to clear the fog in his mind .
If he did n’t shape up now , he was in serious trouble .
He lay on the ground , gasping for air , willing himself to stay awake .
No good , his vision kept on blurring .
Desperately , he bit down on his tongue , hard enough for hot , bitter blood to flood his mouth .
The pain surged through his body , excruciating , but the world was back in focus .


‘ You know , when I took this job , I did n’t realise it was going to be so much fun , ’ his attacker said .
And in that moment , Derek knew who he was .
Saw in his mind ’s eye a young , brutal man with a taste for violence and knives .


Charlie Morris .


Charlie was pulling him up now , dragging Derek ’s face close to his , filling his lungs with his sour breath .
‘ Come on , Derek , open your eyes at least , so you can see what I ’ m going to … ’


Derek drove his head forward with all the strength he had left .
Charlie uttered a high , muffled scream as Derek felt a nose snap sharply against his forehead .
To his left , there was a heavy clanging sound .


_The knife ! _


Derek rolled away , pushing Charlie back .
He groped desperately at the ground in front of him , got the knife in his hand , closed his fingers around it .


Play time .


He stood up , body still feeling shaky and foreign after the blow to the head and kicks to the torso .
He wiped blood - soaked hair from his eyes .
A hot lance of pain flashed through his side every time he took a breath .
One rib broken definitely , maybe two .


Time enough to worry about that later .


About two feet away , Charlie had pulled himself upright .
The blood gushing from his nose looked black in the dull orange glow of the car park ’s meagre lighting .


‘ Fugging bastard , ’ he gurgled as he spat out a wad of phlegmy blood .
‘ Fugging bastard ! ’


‘ Who sent you , Charlie ? ’
Derek asked as he began to shuffle forward slowly , willing his legs to keep working .
‘ You said this was a job , so who sent you ? ’


‘ Fuck you ! ’
Charlie barked .


Derek raised the knife to eye level .
The blade caught what little light there was , seemed to bathe in it .
Charlie always was proud of that knife .
‘ Look , Charlie , I ’ m not fucking around here , tell me .
Was it . . . ? ’


Charlie surged forward , catching Derek off - guard and driving him back onto the bonnet of the Polo .
He screamed as his ribs exploded in pain , arms flailing out to the sides , knife squirting from his grip .
Charlie grabbed a handful of hair and smashed Derek ’s head backwards into the bonnet .
Derek lashed out wildly , felt his fist connect with jaw .
They tumbled from the car and onto the ground in a tangle of flailing arms and legs , punching , kicking , clawing .
Somehow , Derek managed to flip himself on top , using his weight to pin Charlie down .


‘ Tell me , Charlie ! ’ he screamed , spittle and blood flying from his mouth and peppering Charlie ’s face .
‘ Who sent you , was it _him_ ?
WAS IT ? ’


Charlie hawked back and spat in Derek ’s face .
Rage flooded through Derek , drowning out the pain , the exhaustion , the fear .
He pulled back , swinging with all his strength .
Teeth bit into his knuckles , bone gave a horrible , liquid snap .
He swung again and again and again , only stopping when his arms were too heavy to lift and the world gave a sickening , dizzy lurch .


Derek got up , staggered away from the pulped mess of sinew and bone before him .
Closed his eyes and wished to die as he vomited .
Was it always going to be this way ?


He took a moment to pull himself together and make sure he was n’t going to pass out , then lurched back to where Charlie lay .
He fully expected to find he had killed him , but Derek could hear soft , gurgling breathing , and felt a steady pulse when he pressed his fingers into Charlie ’s neck .
He did n’t know whether to be disappointed or relieved .


He patted Charlie down , finding a wallet , some cash and a set of keys .
Stashed them in his pocket and lurched back to the Polo .
It was a struggle to keep moving .
All he wanted to do was lie down and sleep .
It did n’t take long to realise the Polo had had its day – Charlie had slashed all the tyres .
Always the professional .


Derek fished the keys he had taken from Charlie out of his pocket , held them up to the light and examined them .
One of them was an oversized car key with a built - in switch for an alarm .
Squinting , Doug made out the BMW logo .
Despite himself , he laughed .
Same old Charlie , always the show - off .


There were no cars in the car park , but that was to be expected : Charlie was n’t that sloppy .
He would have parked the car somewhere close , hidden but near enough to make a quick getaway .
His legs feeling like lead pillars , Derek headed for the lane that led from the car park to the main road .


About three hundred yards up , he saw a BMW tucked away off the road in a small bank of bushes .
He flicked the switch on Charlie ’s car key and the car bleeped obediently .


Derek climbed in , careful to cradle his ribs .
He sat behind the wheel for a moment , enjoying the soothing comfort of the leather driver ’s seat .
It was the most comfortable seat he ’d had in weeks .
His eyelids slid down .
It would be easy to take a nap , so easy .
No one would know , he was safe enough .
And it was comfortable here .
Quiet …


So easy …


He jerked forward , wrenching himself from sleep and started the engine .
Fuck it , he was finding a hotel for the night .
An out - of - the - way travel stop on the motorway would be safe enough , surely .
It was worth the risk .
Derek gunned the engine and drove away as , in the car park , Charlie Morris lay in a widening pool of his own blood .


* Chapter 14 Chapter 14 { { { 1 # 14


Hal skimmed through the news websites , watching the reruns of the press conference .
He hated the way he looked on camera – face pinched and sallow , those high cheekbones , which Colin said were his best feature , appeared blade - like in the glare of TV lighting .
His glasses glinted like mirrors , masking his eyes as he turned his head to make sure he was reading to the whole press pack , not singling out one reporter .
His voice , which he tried to keep even and sombre , grated like a pop song on his ears .
And was he really going that grey already ?


He turned from the screen , focused on the newspapers in front of him that had managed to cover the press conference in their later editions .
There were n’t many surprises ; most of them focused in on Hal ’s statement from the family , backed it up with the police appeal for witnesses and the handout picture of Katherine that he had released .
He worked through the papers quickly , taking notes on how the lines he had given played , what might work as a follow - up if needed .
Finally , he came to the _Capital Tribune_ .
As with most of the other papers , the splash image was a picture of Katherine .
What was different was that the headline between first and second edition had n’t changed .
While other papers had re - nosed their stories once Katherine had been officially named , the _Tribune_ had n’t .
Because they had already known .


Hal wrote down the reporter ’s byline .
Doug McGregor .
Forced himself to slow down and read the copy rather than just skim it , comparing the later version with the morning edition before the press conference had been held .
It told him two things : McGregor was a good writer , and he obviously had brilliant contacts in the police .
The whole story was there in the first edition ; Katherine being identified from CCTV footage , the family going to the morgue to identify the body , the ongoing investigation , the police appeal for witnesses .


McGregor had also been cute , alluding to the suicide line being the favoured police theory , but leaving it open - ended and hinting at an ongoing criminal inquiry .
As he already knew Katherine ’s name and family connections , McGregor had also managed to write some fairly in - depth background pieces on the Buchan family and , in particular , Richard Buchan ’s work in parliament .


McGregor ’s job must have been easy after the press conference , all he had to do was take Hal ’s statement and bolt it onto the copy .
But instead of just lumping it in as a three - par addition at the end , Doug had woven it into the story , using the statement to give the family ’s grief and shock greater resonance .
Hal circled McGregor ’s name and made a note to do a bit of digging on him .
He was one to watch .


He was topping up his coffee when his mobile chirped , the ringtone he used only for Colin making his breath shallow and sharp .


‘ Hey , ’ he said .


‘ Hey , yourself , ’ Colin replied , his voice a flat , almost matter - of - fact tone that gave Hal ’s guts an oily chill .
‘ How ’s it going ? ’


‘ Yeah , not bad .
Had the first meet and greet with the press today , just getting some lines together at the moment .
Should calm down soon .
How are you and Jennifer doing ? ’


‘ We ’re fine .
She misses her dad though , I think she was looking for you last night . ’


Hal shoved his glasses up his nose , rubbed at his eyes hard enough to see dark stars .
Guilt .
Colin was always good at playing the guilt card .


‘ I miss her too , Col , ’ he said .
‘ I miss both of you .
This should n’t take too much longer .
Then I ’ll be home . ’


‘ You should n’t be there in the first place , ’ Col hissed , jagged blades of anger glinting through his indifference .
‘ What the fuck were you thinking , Hal ?
Taking this job ?
I mean , you do know who you ’re representing , do n’t you ?
Or did you think I ’d be too busy looking after Jennifer to catch the news ? ’


Hal sighed .
He had known this was coming .
‘ Col , please , I told you .
We need this job , and it ’s not Buchan I ’ m representing , it ’s the … ’


‘ Oh , do n’t lie to me , or yourself , Hal .
If he ’s not who you ’re representing , why were you reading out a statement on his behalf today ?
I wonder what he ’ll say when he finds out that the man hired to media - manage his daughter ’s death is one of those nasty queers he does n’t want tarnishing the institution of marriage ? ’


‘ Hopefully , he ’ll say that his party had the common sense to see through petty prejudice and hire the best man for the job , ’ Hal snapped back , his own anger rising .
‘ Look , Col , I do n’t like this prick much either , but he ’s a means to an end .
There ’s a big payday at the end of this , and I ’ m doing this for us – you , me and Jennifer .
For fuck ’s sake , it ’s not like every design brief you work on is for a cure for fucking cancer , is it ? ’


Silence on the other end of the phone .
In his mind , Hal could see Colin standing in the kitchen , his tall , lithe frame leaning against the breakfast bar .
He would be chewing his lip , running his free hand through his blonde hair .
If he stayed on the line , he would start wandering through the kitchen soon , absently pulling open cupboards and staring inside as he spoke .
It was his routine .


‘ Look , Hal , I ’ m sorry , ’ he said .
‘ But I ’ m pissed that you upped and left us , especially to go and help a bigoted little fuck like this guy Buchan . ’


‘ I know , Col , and I ’ m sorry .
But it should n’t take too much longer , I ’ll be home soon . ’


‘ I hope so , ’ Col said , his voice softening .
‘ We miss you , Hal .
Your mum ’s great , but she ca n’t make a cup of tea for shit , and if she keeps trying to reload the dishwasher after I ’ve done it , I might have to kill her . ’


Hal laughed , mostly out of relief .
‘ I ’ll be home as soon as I can , promise .
But now I ’ve got to … ’


‘ I know , ’ Col said .
‘ Get back to work .
Love you , Hal . ’


‘ Love you , too , ’ Hal said .
‘ Give Jennifer a kiss from me .
I ’ll call later tonight , let you know how it ’s going . ’


‘ Bye . ’


Hal cut the line , sat back in his chair , relief flooding through him .
He may be a selfish prick for taking this job , but at least Colin had forgiven him for it .
Again .


And , Hal thought , he had raised an interesting point .
Why had Buchan ’s party decided to hire him for the job ?
His answer to Colin had been spur of the moment , but surely there were PR firms closer who could have done the job ?


Colin ’s words now : _You do know who you ’re representing ? _


No , Hal thought , thumbing through his contacts list .
I do n’t , not really .
Not yet .
But I intend to find out .


* Chapter 15 Chapter 15 { { { 1 # 15


‘ So ? ’
Doug asked .
He took a long drink from the soda and lime in front of him , grimaced .
He wanted a pint , but he was driving .
‘ What do you think ? ’


‘ To be honest , not a lot , ’ Susie replied .
‘ It sounds like a crank , Doug .
I mean , both Katherine Buchan ’s death and Derek McGinty on the loose have been big stories , you said so yourself .
Like you said , some lunatic ’s probably just decided to put the two together to try and get some attention . ’


They were in the Freehope , a small pub that lay on the boundary between Leith and the more industrial Newhaven further along the coast .
It was n’t the most luxurious of pubs , but it had the virtue of being out of the way .
Susie had told him about Richard Buchan ’s little chat with the Chief Superintendent concerning Doug ’s story , so he figured the less they were seen together at the moment , the better .


It probably was n’t wise for them to be meeting at all , but Doug was curious to see if Susie had turned up anything new .
He also wanted to get her opinion on his little phone call earlier on .
And , as he was the only one with whom she could share her fears about what the Chief Superintendent could and would do , it was a meeting of convenience as much as need .


The more he thought about it , the more he agreed with Susie .
It had been a crank .
Nothing more .
But still , something about the call nagged at him , something that just refused to show itself .
And then there was what the man had said before he hung up : _I ’ll send you a little reminder of our chat .
Something special . _


Doug shrugged , forcing the thought away .
A crank .
Nothing more .
Leave it there .


‘ So , what did you think of Richard Buchan ? ’


Susie took a moment , turning her glass slowly in her hand , remembering the way Buchan had answered her questions .
That one , almost too - quick response that had put her on edge .


‘ I ’ m not sure , ’ she said .
‘ He ’s not what I expected .
Very controlled , disciplined .
Oh , do n’t get me wrong , you could see he was cut up about what ’s happened , but he ’s refusing to give in to it .
I suppose he ’s got to be that way , especially now . ’


‘ How so ? ’


‘ His wife , ’ Susie replied , remembering Linda Buchan ’s slack , empty gaze .
‘ She ’s completely lost it , Doug .
I mean , totally .
The poor woman was walking around like a zombie .
I think he ’s the only thing holding her together just now . ’


Doug nodded .
It would be bad enough to lose a child , but to lose one the way the Buchans had ?
Jesus .


How would it have felt , he thought , to hit the ground from the height ?
Did you die instantly , or would you linger for a moment , just long enough to feel the agony surge through your ruined body and hear your last breath rattle from your ruptured lungs ?
He shuddered .
Not a way he would want to go .


Doug shook his head , took another swig of his drink .
Maybe he just needed to get used to the taste .
‘ So , any witnesses come forward yet ? ’


‘ Well , we ’ve had a few … ’
Susie was cut off by the sound of her mobile ringing .
She smiled apologetically then flipped it open and held it to her ear .


‘ Drummond .
Oh , hi , Eddie . ’
She flashed Doug a sharp but not unamused glance .
‘ What ’s up ? ’
Pause .
‘ Uh , yeah . ’
She took out a notepad , started scribbling .
Doug hoped the fact he was trying to read what she was writing was n’t too obvious .
‘ Okay , fine , 10am tomorrow .
Great .
Thanks , Eddie .
Night . ’


‘ So , what was all that about ? ’


‘ Nothing interesting , ’ Susie replied , reaching for her drink again .
‘ Buchan mentioned that Katherine was quite close to a friend at the gallery , Elizabeth Renwick .
I tried calling her earlier on today to arrange a meeting , left a message .
Your friend Eddie was just telling me that she ’s phoned back , wants to see me at the gallery tomorrow . ’


‘ That the Altered Perspective gallery on Candlemaker ’s Row ? ’
Doug asked , smiling as Susie ’s eyes widened slightly .
‘ I did a little checking on Katherine myself .
Bit of an artist , apparently .
Modern art , photography , stuff like that . ’


Susie nodded .
If there was something to be found , Doug had to find it first .
She often wondered what type of detective he would make .


She knew the place Doug was talking about , had walked passed it a few times on nights out .
From what she remembered , it did n’t seem big enough to be a gallery , with only one small window and a single wooden door .
Then again , she was n’t an expert .
And with what passed for art these days , who knew ?


Doug drained his glass , felt his stomach gurgle .
‘ Right , I ’ve had it .
Let ’s get out of here .
Fancy something to eat ? ’


‘ No , thanks , ’ Susie said , draining her glass and then stretching theatrically .
Her legs ached from the run , arms still sore from the pull - ups .
‘ I ’ m beat , I need to get to bed . ’


‘ No probs , ’ Doug said as he pulled on his jacket and checked for his car keys .
‘ I should probably do the same myself . ’


Doug walked Susie to her car , hands buried in his pockets against the cold .
They stood for a moment , staring up at the night sky .
The air was heavy with the smell of salt from the Forth – and less savoury smells from the industrial units and sewage plant further down the coast .


‘ Well , thanks for listening , ’ he said as she unlocked the car and got in .
‘ And thanks again for your heads - up on the Buchan story . ’


Susie busied herself getting her key into the ignition .
Was she blushing slightly ?
‘ No problem , ’ she said .
‘ Just remember , you did n’t hear any of it from me . ’


‘ What ’s that ?
I ca n’t hear you . ’


‘ Very bloody funny , ’ she snorted , slamming her door and starting the car .
She waved as she drove out of the car park , mind already turning to thoughts of a quick run before bed .


Doug waved back , watching her go .
He headed for his own car , mentally sorting through the menu of his local Chinese takeaway , trying to decide what to order when he got there .


He never saw the figure standing in the shadowed alley down the side of the pub .
The figure that watched as Doug drove away , memorising his car ’s number plate .
The figure that smiled slightly , thinking he would be well paid for a job well done .


* Chapter 16 Chapter 16 { { { 1 # 16


Every step was agony .


Charlie shuffled from the bed , where the sheets and pillow were stiff with his blood , and made his way to the kitchen .
He fumbled through a cupboard , found a bottle of whisky , opened it with a shaking hand , took a mouthful .
His jaw screamed in protest as he opened his mouth , pain like cold steel needles lancing through the bone and down the side of his neck .
He tried to force back the pain as the whisky hit his stomach and spread bitter heat through his body .
But it was difficult to stay calm when you were trying to breathe through a broken nose .


He lurched from the kitchen to the bathroom , bottle of whisky still in hand , to survey the damage again .


He had become a monster .
His entire face was a bruise , a shifting kaleidoscope of dusty purples , angry reds , blacks and greens .
His eyes glittered from hollow pits surrounded by swollen tissue and split skin .
His nose was worse .
It sat at a horribly crooked angle , bent flat at the end and plastered against his cheek like a wad of plasticine .
Blood was caked around both nostrils , making it hard to breathe .


Slowly , he opened his mouth and leered at the mirror .
His front teeth were little more than ragged stumps .
He looked across to where his toothbrush and toothpaste sat .
Somehow , he did n’t think Sensodyne was going to help this time .


The joke of it was that this was the face of a lucky man .
He did n’t know how long he was out after McGinty had finished with him , but , when he came to , he could feel frost forming on his face .
Maybe that was what had saved him , forced him to wake up , he did n’t know .


It did n’t take long to realise that McGinty had robbed him , taking both his car keys and wallet .


With no cash or means of transport , he had been forced to be creative .
He had staggered up into the town , careful to stay out of the light and away from people , found a quiet estate and walked around for a while .
If Charlie had been told that Derek had used more or less the same techniques when he stole a car from Gilmerton the night before last , he would n’t have been surprised .
After all , he had taught the little shit how to steal in the first place .


He only remembered the drive home in snatches .
A blurred roadway here , a street sign there .
Somehow , he managed to get back to his flat without attracting any attention , using the spare key he kept hidden on the sill above the front door to get in .
He parked a few blocks away – the last thing he needed was pigs at his door , enticed by the stolen motor that was sitting outside it .
If he was n’t so badly hurt , he would have dumped it further away , but it would do where it was .
In this part of town , stolen cars were n’t exactly a rare occurrence .
If he was lucky , it would be torched before he had to deal with it .


He headed back to bed , whisky bottle still clutched tightly in his hand .
McGinty would pay for what he had done .
Oh yes .


He had been sloppy , underestimated the bastard and paid the price .
But he knew what he was up against now .
His fee would be higher , but he would get the job done .
Next time he saw Derek McGinty , he would walk up to him and gut him like a . . .


Charlie ’s eyes flew open .
The aching wound that was his head roared in protest as he sat bolt upright .


His knife !
He had it last in the fight with McGinty .
Did the bastard have it now , along with his car and keys , or … ?


Or was it still lying in that car park , waiting to be found by anyone who happened to come along ?


He slumped back in the bed .
What could he do ?
The answer was nothing .
One way or another , the knife was gone .
Either McGinty had it , or someone else would find it .
He was in no condition to go and get it .


Something else to make McGinty pay for .
When he found the bastard – and he _would_ find him – he would make him pay .
If he had the knife , and he gave it back then maybe , just maybe , he would earn an easier death .


But not much easier .
Oh no . Charlie owed Derek much more than that .
He rolled over and reached for the phone .
Noticed he had a message and pressed play .
Mark Kirk ’s whining , Leith - stained tones filled the room , amplifying Charlie ’s headache .
‘ I did whit ye asked likesay , Charlie , ’ Mark said on the answerphone .
If a rat could talk , Charlie imagined this was what it would sound like .
‘ Gote the car nummer here , it ’s . . . ’


Charlie listened , eyes closed .
Thankful when Mark hung up and the message ended .
An annoying little cunt , but useful .
Especially when he was offered an extra half - gram in his next hit for doing a little legwork .


He sighed and picked up the phone .
No more putting it off .
Dialled the number and waited .
He could imagine what the response would be to him breaking the golden rule and phoning not once but twice in two days .


Fuck it .
From now on , they were doing this his way .


* Chapter 17 Chapter 17 { { { 1 # 17


After getting through first edition , Doug managed to slip out of the office and head back to Prestonview .
The Buchan story was more or less dying away to aftermath now , anyway .
A few more politicians had come forward to offer their sympathy to Richard Buchan and his family , and the DNA tests confirming it was Katherine had come back , but other than that , nothing .


All that was left now was for her family to bury her and then try to find an answer , a justification , for what had happened .


He had heard talk in the office of the _Tribune_ running a feature on suicides ; the psychology , the warning signs , what family and friends could do and what groups like the Samaritans were doing to help prevent things like this happening , but Doug did n’t want any part of that .
He ’d done his job .
Reported a crime , got the story ahead of everyone else .
The rest was clean - up duty .


Mike started pulling a pint of Guinness almost as soon as Doug walked in the door .
After all the Chinese last night , he did n’t particularly feel like it , but he smiled and paid for it anyway .
It was n’t worth upsetting the landlord for .


‘ So , Mike , how ’s it going ? ’


Mike gave Doug a world - weary smile .
‘ Ack , you know , same old same old .
Nothing much happening , really .
Still no sign of Derek , although his old man , Sam , was in here for a wee while last night . ’


‘ Oh aye , ’ Doug said .
‘ S’ been a while since he ’s been around , what with all the cameras up at his place .
What was the occasion ? ’


‘ None from what I could tell , ’ Mike said .
‘ He just said he wanted to get out of the house for a bit .
All this is getting to the guy , though , poor bastard was as white as a sheet . ’


‘ I ’ m not surprised , ’ Doug murmured .
It could n’t be easy living in a small town where your son was regarded as the devil .


‘ So , I see you got the story on the girl who jumped off the Scott Monument , ’ Mike said , attempting to change the subject .


Doug just nodded .
Again , he wondered if stating the blatantly obvious was a required skill for being a pub landlord .


‘ Terrible way to go , ’ Mike said , shaking his head slowly .


‘ Yeah , ’ Doug said flatly .


‘ So , do the police know what happened ? ’


‘ Not completely , not yet , although they ’re leaning towards the suicide angle .
If someone killed her , they would have had to be Houdini to get away from there without being noticed . ’


Mike grunted agreement , then disappeared behind the bar .
He was just starting to clean glasses when the door opened and a tall , thin man with a wisp of pure white hair walked in , dragging an ancient - looking Golden Labrador with him .


‘ Morning , Mike , ’ he said , ignoring Doug completely .


‘ Morning , Jimmy , ’ Mike replied .
‘ That you and Jess just heading home from your walk ? ’


‘ Yeah , and an interesting walk it was , too , ’ Jimmy said as he patted what was left of his hair back into place .


‘ Oh , how so ? ’


‘ Well , ’ Jimmy said , his tone showing he had been aching for someone to ask him that very question , ‘ we were out on our usual walk down the pathway , and you ’ll never guess what we found .
An abandoned car , which had been vandalised . ’


Ooh , Doug thought , hold the front page .


‘ Badly damaged ? ’
Mike asked .


‘ Not too badly , ’ Jimmy replied , annoyed to be interrupted mid - story .
‘ Tyres slashed and a window smashed .
But that ’s not the interesting thing .
What is , is what else we found . ’


‘ And what was that ? ’
Mike asked .
Doug could tell he was quickly growing bored with the conversation .


‘ This , ’ said Jimmy , theatrically pulling his prize from his pocket .
It was a wicked - looking lock - knife , blade about ten inches long with a heavy , brass - and - wood handle .


Mike put aside the glass he was worrying at with a tea towel and leaned forward , eyes fixed on the blade .
He seemed to go pale .
Doug suddenly lost the little interest he had in his pint .
‘ That ’s some knife , ’ he said .
‘ You said it was next to the car ? ’


Jimmy looked at Doug as though he were seeing him for the first time .
‘ Yeah .
Down by the side of the car . ’
His voice rose with excitement as he delivered his knockout blow .
‘ There was blood there , too .
A lot of it .
It would n’t surprise me if someone was mugged down there .
Or worse . ’


He rambled on , explaining his theories about what might have happened , but Doug was n’t listening .
He was too busy trying to fit scenarios together .
A wrecked car .
A pool of blood .
A knife that looked like it would be more at home hacking its way through jungle than in Prestonview .
Prestonview .
Home of Derek McGinty ’s parents .
Had their boy made it home ?
Jumped someone and tried to steal their car ?
Or had he forced that person to drive him here and then decided to get rid of the witness ?
Where was he now ?
With his parents ?


‘ So , ’ Doug asked , interrupting Jimmy mid - sentence .
‘ You taking that knife to the police , Jimmy ? ’


Jimmy gave Doug a look of open disgust .
‘ What else can I do ? ’ he sneered .
‘ Keep it ?
What do you think I am , a ghoul or something ?
I ’ m goin ’ straight up to the polis station with this ’ , he waved the knife in an alarming arc in front of the bar , ‘ just as soon as Mike gets me something to steady my nerves . ’


* Chapter 18 Chapter 18 { { { 1 # 18


Ronnie Selkirk slurped noisily at his coffee as he surveyed the dining room of the Royal Scot Hotel , his face twitching with disgust at the tables of dead - eyed executives , business travellers and affluent tourists who thought Scotland began at ‘ Lock ’ Ness and finished at ‘ Edinbro Castle ’ .
At the table next to them , a bored - looking teenager toyed with the shredded remains of a sandwich ; a watch worth more than a mortgage payment glinting on his wrist .
Ronnie felt a surge of contempt for the little shit , swallowed it down with another mouthful of coffee .


‘ You ’ve done okay for yourself , Hal , ’ he said .
‘ Nice digs they ’ve got you in here . ’


Hal smiled and nodded slightly , knowing a place that reeked of money like this would be driving Ronnie nuts .
He had no objection to wealth – Hal ’s conservative guess was Ronnie had made a few million in his time – he just hated people who flashed the cash .
It was a very Edinburgh attitude .


They had met years ago , when Hal was working on a product launch for an insurance firm getting into banking .
Hal had organised the media and the press work with Ronnie , who led the firm ’s legal department and insisted on seeing every line of copy before it went out .


‘ I ’ m gieing those bastards not one line they can use against us if this goes wrong , ’ he had told Hal in his office , which was at the other end of Princes Street in the West End – at the time , known as the heart of Edinburgh ’s thriving financial industry .


They had worked together closely , Hal briefing executives and staff who they offered up for interview to the press on the lines that Ronnie insisted on .
With Ronnie also handling the work that made the bank a legal entity , he ultimately set the timetable of when the bank was ready to go and Hal could launch .


As they worked together , a grudging respect and then friendship grew between them .
While Ronnie would drive Hal nuts with his unwillingness to embellish a line for a press release or an interview , he also had a dry wit and easy charm that made him a popular boss , and Hal quickly learned that his nickname in the office – though never repeated to his face – was Uncle Ronnie .
It was n’t long before Hal was being invited to dinner with Ronnie , his wife , Angie , and their three - year - old girl , Amy , at the family home just outside Edinburgh .
Even now , years later , they kept in touch , swapped Christmas cards and baby pictures , kept each other up to date with the latest relevant gossip that could lead to business for either of them .


‘ So , ’ Ronnie said , leaning away from the table and running a smoothing hand over his goatee , ‘ you did n’t ask me here for morning coffee .
Whassup , Hal ? ’


Hal smiled again .
All business .
Typical Ronnie .
‘ Well , you know I ’ m up here working on the Buchan story , ’ he said , dropping his voice slightly and leaning across the table a little .
‘ The party wanted a sympathetic media line , especially with all the noise Buchan is making with his sentencing ideas .
I just wanted to check with you , see if there was anything you thought I needed to know ? ’


Ronnie grunted slightly , took a moment to study his friend closely .
He genuinely liked Hal , Angie and Amy did too , and it was good to see him again .
Though not under these circumstances , and not when he was about to fall into such a deep pit of shit .


‘ What ’s the background you ’ve been given by the party ? ’ he asked .


‘ Not a lot , ’ Hal replied .
‘ I got a briefing from the guy who hired me , Edward Hobbes , who ’s one of the party chiefs at CCHQ in London .
He got my name from a client I did some damage control work for about eighteen months ago . ’
Hal shrugged .
‘ Anyway , Buchan ’s seen as a bit of a loose cannon , not the most popular in some circles when they ’re trying to make Scotland love the Tories again .
Seems to have been a bit estranged from the daughter ; nothing major , I ’ m told , just did n’t like her choice of career .
Married for twenty - seven years , happily enough , apparently .
But … ’


‘ But what ? ’
Ronnie asked .
Stupid question , he already knew .


‘ So far , so boring .
I dunno , ’ Hal shrugged , stirred his coffee , ‘ I just get the feeling I ’ m missing something , you know ?
And I thought maybe the name rang a bell with you , maybe you knew him when he was a full - time lawyer and just starting out ?
After all , the ages tally . ’


Ronnie smiled .
Typical Hal .
He always was creepily intuitive .
Like when he caught a whiff of what was going on with Ronnie and Megan at the bank .


He never said a word though , never threw it in Ronnie ’s face .
Even when he took him home to meet Angie and the family .
It was , Hal told him one night after too any brandies , his business .
Do what you need to do , Ronnie , just keep it away from home and your family .


Do what you have to do .
Good advice .


‘ Come on , ’ Ronnie said , finishing his coffee in a gulp and standing up .
‘ Let ’s go for a walk .
There ’s a few things you need to know and ’ , he cast a scornful gaze around the dining room , ‘ we do n’t want to upset folks at their breakfast . ’


* Chapter 19 Chapter 19 { { { 1 # 19


Lizzie Renwick had the most violently coloured hair Susie had ever seen .
It was dyed a bright , almost gaudy shade of purple and braided with green , orange , and yellow beads .
It must , Susie thought , be hell to live with when she had a hangover .


They were sitting in a small workroom behind the main display area of the gallery on Candlemaker ’s Row .
Despite her reservations about the size of the place , once inside , Susie found herself standing in a huge , open - plan space filled with sculptures , murals and paintings .
Photographs – both landscapes and portrait shots – lined the walls , vying for attention with elaborate glass sculptures , friezes and prints .


The shop , Lizzie had explained , would remain closed for the immediate future , but she had thought Susie would like to meet her there in case she wanted a look at Katherine ’s desk .


Lizzie was a tall , angular woman with a flat chest and incongruously wide hips .
She moved with neat , birdlike motions , worrying at a nail as she smoked a cigarette and perched opposite Susie on a high stool .
It reminded Susie of the type of seats she had been forced to sit on in high school art classes – her least favourite form of torture .


‘ So , how did you and Katherine meet ? ’


‘ At an exhibition opening at the Fruitmarket gallery . ’
Lizzie ’s voice was coloured with the faint lilt of an Irish accent .
‘ We got talking , found we had similar tastes in art , wanted the same things , and stayed in touch . ’


‘ So how did all this … ’
Susie nodded out towards the main area of the gallery , ‘ come about ? ’


‘ Oh , it was Katherine ’s idea .
She ’d seen some of my work , said she would like to try and get one of the galleries in the town interested .


‘ When she could n’t , she decided to open a place where she could display the works that she – we – like , and promote them . ’


Susie could see tears form in Lizzie ’s eyes .
When she spoke again , her voice was wistful .
‘ That was Katherine , once she decided to do something , there was no stopping her . ’


Thinking how she had died , Susie could believe it .
The strength of will it must have taken to throw herself from the top of the Scott Monument , knowing it meant death .


‘ And how is the business doing ? ’


‘ Oh , ’ Lizzie said , shaking herself slightly , ‘ very well .
We were just getting ready to start drawing up plans for a new exhibition by Eric Mullard , the photographer . ’


‘ I ’ m sorry , I do n’t know … ’


Lizzie flashed uneven , yellowing teeth in a small smile .
‘ No reason for you to , ’ she said .
‘ He ’s not well known .
Nude poses and abstracts , that sort of thing . ’


‘ Ah , ’ Susie nodded , none the wiser .
‘ Lizzie , Katherine ’s father said that you and her were close .
Did you notice anything in the last few weeks that was out of the ordinary ?
Did she seem distracted or worried about something ?
Did she say anything to you ? ’


‘ No … she seemed her normal self .
I mean , she was excited about the new show and everything , but nothing out of the ordinary .
Although … ’


Susie looked up .
‘ What ? ’ she asked gently .
‘ It could be important . ’


‘ Well , there was one thing , about a week ago .
I came back after lunch , and she was on the phone .
I do n’t think she saw me , and I did n’t want to interrupt , but I heard what she was saying . ’
Lizzie looked away .
Susie could tell she felt guilty about eavesdropping on her friend .


‘ Who was she on the phone to ? ’


‘ I do n’t know , but whoever it was , she was n’t happy with them .
She kept on saying “ It ’s the price we agreed .
It ’s the price you pay . ” ’


‘ Can you remember anything else ? ’


‘ No , not really .
Except that she slammed the phone down and swore .
Katherine never swore .
That ’s why I remember it .
I thought it was just a customer who was getting pissy about paying , but it really upset her . ’


‘ Could you check the books for me just in case , see if there are any accounts outstanding ? ’


‘ That ’s the thing , ’ Lizzie replied , worrying at her nail more ferociously than ever .
‘ I already have .
You see , Katherine was never the most … forceful … person in the world .
She found it difficult talking to people .
The poor girl was painfully shy .
I think that ’s why she wanted me to work with her here , to help her with the business side of things .


‘ Anyway , I checked the accounts – I was going to phone the customer back and try to sort it out myself – but I could n’t find anything . ’


‘ You mean there were no outstanding accounts ? ’


‘ No , none at all .
So , whoever it was Katherine was on the phone to , it was n’t a customer .
Or at least , not a customer I knew about . ’


Susie nodded .
Could mean anything .
Worth looking at , anyway .
She pushed the thought aside , wanting to get on with the interview and ask the question she had been wanting to ask since her encounter with Richard Buchan yesterday .


‘ One other thing , Lizzie , ’ she said .
‘ Did Katherine have a boyfriend or anyone else that she saw regularly ?
Someone else , who may have known her as well as you , that we might be able to talk to ? ’


‘ Eh , no , not that I know of , ’ Lizzie said , her eyes darting away .
She was lying – or covering for someone .
Susie could feel it .


‘ You sure about that ? ’


‘ Absolutely , ’ Lizzie replied brightly , grinding out her cigarette and meeting Susie ’s gaze as she did so .
Good recovery , Susie thought to herself .
Almost too good , practised .
‘ I ’ m a little thirsty .
Would you like a cup of coffee ? ’


‘ Oh yes , please , ’ Susie replied , making sure Lizzie knew she would leave when she was good and ready and not before .
‘ I ’ve only got a few more questions .
Should n’t take long , but a coffee would be great . ’


Lizzie hid her disappointment well .
‘ Coming up , ’ she said , hopping from the stool .
‘ How do you take it ? ’


‘ Black , ’ Susie replied .
‘ Just black . ’


* Chapter 20 Chapter 20 { { { 1 # 20


Derek shifted slightly in the driver ’s seat , trying to find a comfortable position as he drove .
No use , no matter what he did , his ribs moaned in protest .
Fuck it , he would just have to live with it .


After his run - in with Charlie , last night had worked out better than Derek could have hoped .
He managed to drive to a small Travelodge just outside North Berwick , where the kid at the desk was too busy trying to hide the porn magazine he had been looking at to bother about the fact his latest guest looked like roadkill .
He had handed over a key with no hesitation , not even looking twice at the room card Derek had filled in using Charlie ’s name and address .


In his room , Derek tried to tend his wounds the best he could .
He tore up a towel to make bandages for his ribs , tying them tight to hold them in place , then checked the wound on his head .
He had been lucky .
It was a deep cut , about three inches long , and the pain was incredible , but at least he could still feel it .
If Charlie had decided to use the blade instead of the handle to hit him , he ’d be dead now .


He did n’t think he ’d be able to sleep , too wired from the fight , but the moment he lay down , he passed out .
After the last few weeks , it was luxury .
A warm , soft bed .
He woke up at about eight that morning , his entire body bruised and aching .
He comforted himself with the thought that he felt better than Charlie , if he had even survived .


He had no sympathy for Charlie , or what became of him .
He had taken his chance , and Derek was in no doubt that Charlie had been intent on killing him , and failed .
The consequences were his own fault .
He was playing with the big boys now .


Driving back into Edinburgh , Derek went over last night in his mind .
It was pitifully obvious who had sent Charlie , and why , but the question was , how ?
How had _he_ – or Charlie – known that he had gone back to Prestonview ?


It was possible they would know he was back in the Lothians , but in Prestonview , on that night ?
Nah , someone had told them .
But who ?


Derek considered his dad , then dismissed that idea , ashamed .
His dad may have loathed him for what he had done and the trouble he had brought down upon him and his mum , but there was no way he would have sold Derek out .
His mum might have for the right price , Derek was pretty sure of that , but not his dad .
Never .


So how ?
Derek had told no one and , as far as he was aware , neither had his dad .
So how had he – how had they – known ?


He pushed down harder on the accelerator and pulled out into the fast lane , eager to be in Edinburgh .
Eager to see _him_ and ask that very question .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Back at his desk , Doug went over the notes he had taken during his talk with Tom Allan , a sergeant at Prestonview police station .
Although Allan was one of those cagey police officers who thought every question a journalist asked was a trap waiting to be sprung , he had revealed that the car park where Jimmy had found the knife and blood was being sealed off pending forensic analysis .


Luckily , he said , it had n’t been raining the night before , so there was a chance that there were still some clues – other than the obvious – about what had happened there .
He had been reluctant , but finally relented and agreed that Doug could call him later on in the day to see if anything had turned up .


It was n’t strictly by the book – officially , all press enquiries were meant to go through the press office – but Allan was enough of a realist to understand that just meant more paperwork and bureaucracy for him to deal with .


Doug was itching to phone him , but forced himself to wait .
Patience , he told himself .
Forensic tests take time .
Hours .
Sometimes even days .
But he needed to know if they had found anything .
Anything that might show McGinty had made it back home .
A blood - stained car park and a knife were right up his street .
But was Doug reaching , was it just something unrelated that he was trying to shoehorn into fitting somewhere else because he wanted it to ?


He had phoned the McGinty home , no answer , and when he had gone round , the other reporters and TV crews camped outside said there had been no movement all morning .
Was Derek there ?
Doug did n’t think so .
He had rung the door anyway and Sam McGinty had answered .
His response to Doug was terse and gruff – no change there – but Doug had seen nothing in his tone or manner to indicate Sam was hiding his son indoors .
And , without anything else to go on , what could he do ?
Nothing .


He needed Allan to give him some proof .
Needed something concrete .
Walter had mentioned that Greig was getting tired with the whole Derek McGinty story – or lack of it – and was ready to pull the plug .
Doug could n’t argue , but he was n’t quite ready to give up on it yet , and at least this gave him a link to the town .


He was just trying to write up a story on the latest crime - fighting initiative in Edinburgh city centre – the controversial and ground - breaking ‘ put more officers on the street ’ strategy – when his phone rang .


‘ Hey , Doug , it ’s me . ’


‘ Hey , Susie , ’ Doug replied , slightly surprised she was calling .
‘ What ’s up ? ’


‘ Not much , ’ she said .
‘ But I was wondering if you could do me a favour ? ’


Doug felt his eyebrows rise slightly .
Unusual .
‘ Sure , what ? ’


‘ Can you check in your library , see if the _Tribune_ ’ s ever done anything on the Altered Perspective art gallery or a photographer called Eric Mullard ? ’


‘ That spelled like it sounds ? ’


Susie spelled the name out for him .


‘ So , ’ he asked , ‘ I take it this has got something to do with your chat with Lizzie Renwick this morning .
How ’d that go ? ’


‘ Interesting , ’ Susie said after just enough of a pause to let him know she was n’t going to give him any details .
‘ But I ’ m not too sure how much of what she said is of any use . ’


‘ That why you want this info , try and fill in the blanks yourself ? ’


‘ Yeah , but it ’s more for my own curiosity than anything else . ’


Doug doubted it , but he did n’t say anything .


‘ I ’ll get back to you if I find anything , ’ he said , ready to hang up the phone .


‘ Thanks for that , Doug .
Oh , one more thing .
Have you heard anything about the knife from Prestonview you were asking about earlier ? ’


‘ Now how the hell did you know about … ? ’


‘ You ’re not the only one with contacts , Doug .
Let me know if you hear anything interesting .
See ya . ’


Doug hung up , a smile on his face .
Typical Susie .


He called up the online library on his computer , punched in ‘ Altered Perspective gallery ’ and sat back to see what it gave him .
The answer was nothing .
As usual , the damn thing refused to work , giving him a standard ‘ too many users logged on ’ message .


‘ Brilliant , ’ he muttered .
So much for that idea .
There was always the actual library in the basement of the building , where all the back issues of the _Tribune_ stretching back over its eighty years were kept .
All he would have to do was phone down , give some rough dates and ask a librarian to dig the stuff out for him .
He looked at the clock on his screen .
Later .


Doug turned his attention back to the story on screen .
It was terminally dull , but at least it was something to do , something to keep him from phoning Allan and quizzing him .


Twenty minutes and a few phone calls to the relevant police officers , shop owners and councillors later , it was done .
He read it through one last time , used the spell - checker , then sent it across to the newsdesk .


Thank God . Done .
What now ?
He smiled .
Dumb question .


He dialled Tom Allan at Prestonview .


‘ Hi , Tom , ’ he said as the sergeant answered the phone .
‘ It ’s Doug McGregor .
I was just wondering if you ’d found out anything on that car and knife yet ? ’


‘ Ah , Doug … good to hear from you , ’ Allan stuttered , sounding like a man who had just got a bad call from the clap clinic .
‘ Eh , no … no .
Not yet .
Listen , why do n’t you give me your number and I ’ll call you back when I do ? ’


Doug reeled off his work and mobile numbers , wondering what the hell had gotten into Allan .
Probably nothing , he realised , more likely was the fact he just did n’t like being phoned by a quote - hungry , impatient hack at work .


He was just hanging up when Penny , one of the other reporters who Doug occasionally wished he had the looks and courage to ask out for a drink sometime , wandered up to his desk .
He swallowed back the sudden dryness in his throat , had a sudden pang of paranoia about having a bit of breakfast stuck between his teeth .


‘ Hiya , Doug .
Sorry to interrupt , but this was delivered for you when you were out earlier on . ’
She handed him a letter - sized envelope .


‘ Thanks , ’ he murmured , forcing his gaze to remain on her face .
She smiled and wandered off , leaving him to watch her go .
What a useless wanker , __ he thought .
Patter like that , no wonder no woman will come within ten feet of you _._
He tore open the envelope .
Inside was a folded piece of paper , with a note beside it :


_I told you I ’d send you something to prove it .
Here you go .
McGregor pushed her . _


* * *


Doug felt a cold knot twist in his stomach .
Quickly , his fingers numb , he unfolded the piece of paper , which felt laminated and smooth like a …


… photograph .
It was an old and battered photo of a group of people standing in the sun , smiling for the camera .
There were about six of them , standing in a rough group in what looked like a park .
Behind them there was a building , the sign on which Doug could n’t quite read .


He scanned the faces , looking for detail .
Then stopped .
Heard breath wheeze out of him as though he was a tyre with a puncture … felt his pulse roar in his temples .


_No .
No , it ca n’t be . _


He flailed for a second edition of yesterday ’s paper and flicked through the pages .
When he found what he was looking for , he held the photograph up to it .
No mistake .
It was .
Oh Jesus , it _was . _


Two pictures of Katherine Buchan stared up at Doug from his desk .
One was from the _Tribune_ , the photograph her parents had released as part of their appeal for information .
The other was battered , old , tatty .
In it , she was smiling at the camera , just another young woman with a group of friends .


But standing behind her , one of those friends was Derek McGinty .


* Chapter 21 Chapter 21 { { { 1 # 21


Hal shook Ronnie ’s hand at the main entrance to his offices – a huge castle - like building with a two - storey glass frontage that dominated a corner of Lothian Road .


‘ Just remember , that ’s all off - the - record gossip , ’ Ronnie told him , ‘ I ’ m not sure what use any of it ’ll do you .
But I hope it helps . ’


‘ “ Help ” is n’t really the word I ’d go for , ’ Hal said with a smile .
‘ But thanks , anyway . ’


Ronnie gave a theatrical half - bow .
‘ Happy to help any time .
You take care , Hal .
Give Jennifer a kiss for me , tell Colin I said hi . ’


‘ I will .
Give my love to Angie and Amy . ’


Ronnie nodded , then waddled up the steps to the double doors .
Turned to wave one last time , then disappeared inside .


Hal crossed the road , then walked down a narrow lane beside a multi - storey car park and towards the Grassmarket and the main run of pubs in the city .
It had been an after - work favourite area when he had been working with Ronnie , and it was also popular with tourists and students .
From here , he could follow the road all the way down to the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood .


He made a quick call , got Jonathan to make sure everyone was gathered for a meeting in an hour , then gave him a couple of phone numbers to chase down and text back to him .
As always , Jonathan was his sickeningly enthusiastic self .
Hal wondered how long that enthusiasm would last when he told them Buchan was going to be taking a leave of absence from his parliamentary seat to look after his wife at this ‘ traumatic and painful time ’ .
Wondered how much of what Ronnie had told him he would have to share to make them see it was the only thing to do .


Buchan had first dipped his toe into politics as a local councillor for Stockbridge back in the late Nineties .
Given his legal background , it was n’t a surprise that he ended up on the city council ’s board for the then Lothian and Borders Police , making a name for himself by challenging the Labour administration of the day on every decision they made that was seen to erode the ability of the police to do the job .


‘ A lot of folk at the time thought the Chief Constable , who ’s now Chief Superintendent after the shift to Police Scotland , was helping him with his lines , ’ Ronnie had said .
‘ Buchan was the mouthpiece and got the headlines , the Chief got his points across about budgets and staffing levels .
Win - win all round . ’


Win - win , indeed .
Until Buchan did his best to fuck it all up .


It happened , according to Ronnie , at the time of Buchan ’s campaign for a Scottish Parliament seat .
The official version of events was that Buchan was out late and driving home after tirelessly campaigning for the people .
His head full of great and noble thoughts , he missed a corner , tried to overcorrect and ploughed his car into a lamppost .


Hal paused in the street , used his iPhone to find the news articles from the time and read them .
It was n’t a big story .
‘ Would - be politician in car crash shock ’ was about the size of it , although one of the papers had a bit of fun and headlined it ‘ _Tory has an illuminating moment and veers to the left_ ’ .
Buchan was quoted being suitably embarrassed , promising to pay for the damaged lamppost and gravely warning that he had learned the lessons of driving while overly tired .


No harm .
No foul .
Except not one of the reports mentioned the young woman who had been standing between the lamppost and Buchan ’s car when he ran off the road .


According to Ronnie – who had heard the story from a colleague who worked for the police and had a tongue that was easily loosened with just the right blend of whisky and flattery – Buchan ’s first call after hitting the girl had been to the Chief Constable .
Forget an ambulance to help the poor kid , who had been thrown across the pavement by the force of the impact , breaking her arm and a couple of ribs and leaving her face looking as though she had tried to exfoliate with a cheese grater .
No , Buchan was more concerned about how he would get by with a little help from his friends .


The Chief got personally involved , spoke to the police officers and ambulance crew who were called to the scene , and made sure the girl was effectively deleted from history .
According to Ronnie ’s contact , she was never mentioned in the police reports and , when taken to hospital , the ambulance crew reported her as being found about two miles west of where the ‘ accident ’ took place .


‘ Do n’t worry about the kid , ’ Ronnie had told Hal , ‘ she was well taken care of .
Got a wee visit from her friendly polis , along with a nice payday to make sure she was n’t too inconvenienced by the whole ordeal .
Made a full recovery , I heard , living up in Dundee now . ’


Hal stopped at a coffee shop , ordered a strong black to take away .
Cursed slightly as the first mouthful scalded his tongue .


Whatever way he looked at it , it was a PR disaster .
He wrote the headlines in his head , did n’t like what they were telling him .
‘ _Crusading MSP in hit - and - run cover - up shocker_ ’ , ‘ _Justice Bill Tory covered up crime with Police Chief_ ’ ; the bad news just kept on coming .
It did n’t matter if it was true or not , with all the coverage that was being generated by his daughter ’s death , the mere hint of scandal would mean Buchan would be plastered over the media 24 / 7 .
And it was only a matter of time before a reporter somewhere stumbled on the story , made the connections .
A reporter with police contacts , say .
A reporter like Doug McGregor .


So much for my mate Marmite , Hal thought bitterly .


He briefly toyed with the idea of leaking the whole thing to the press himself – McGregor was the obvious choice – and just gutting Buchan there and then .
But if he did that , the party would be guilty by association , giving the press a free hand to look at other leading Tories who had broken the law .
The names tripped off the tongue : Archer , Hamilton , Aitken .
No , better to keep quiet , quell press interest in the daughter suicide story as quickly as possible , and get Buchan off the stage by announcing a leave of absence .
It was an easy enough sell after his daughter ’s death : it would only be natural that the grieving father would want to take some time off to be with his wife .


Hal was getting ready to phone Edward in London , fill him in on the latest .
He was halfway through keying the number in when a text flashed up from Jonathan .
The message was simple : ‘ _Chief Superintendent Adam Paulson ’s number as requested , boss .
Will ping you McGregor ’s in a mo .
See you at the meeting .
J_ . ’


Hal sent back a quick thanks , then dialled the number .
Mr Paulson liked to help his friend out , and the best way he could do that now was to finish up the investigation into Katherine Buchan ’s death ASAP .
As he listened to the ringtone , his phone beeped ; Jonathan , no doubt , sending him McGregor ’s number .
While he was n’t ready to sacrifice Buchan yet , it would n’t hurt to build a few bridges .


Just in case .


* Chapter 22 Chapter 22 { { { 1 # 22


Susie shifted uncomfortably in the small , moulded plastic chair she was perched on in DI Burns ’ office .
Across a table cluttered with paperwork , a computer and half - drunk cups of coffee , Third Degree sat reading her report on the interview with Lizzie Renwick .
His lips moved silently as he read .


Burns ’ office was a small , sparse box of a room , which had been partitioned off from the rest of the open - plan CID suite with plywood walls that shook whenever the door was opened or shut .
Despite a strict non - smoking policy in the building , the smell of stale cigarettes hung in the air and , glancing up , Susie could see the telltale muddy - brown stains creeping up the walls in the corners of the room .


Rank , and an office with a window , had their privileges .


Apart from the stains and the institutional dull green paint , the walls in Burns ’ office were bare , except for a single large photograph that hung behind him .
In it , Burns and his family on some foreign beach , squinting into the camera for the classic family pose .
His wife , a full - figured woman who was a good three or four inches taller than Burns , cradled a small baby to her more - than - ample bosom as two other small children – Susie guessed they were both seven or eight years old , at most – clung to her , beaming with gap - toothed grins .


The boys looked like shrunken versions of their father : heavy brows , thick - set bodies that were obviously no stranger to the Scottish staples of grease and fat , flame - red hair .
Susie could only imagine the torments they endured at school .


‘ So , ’ Burns said , jogging her from her thoughts as he leaned back , his chair squealing a soft , resigned protest as he shifted his considerable bulk , ‘ what do you think ? ’


‘ I ’ m not sure , sir .
There ’s something she ’s not telling us , though .
The way she reacted when I asked if Katherine had a boyfriend , or someone she would talk to if she had a problem , was a little too sharp for my liking . ’


Burns nodded agreement .
‘ Hmm , and what about this phone call she mentioned ’ , he flicked through the pages of the report again , ‘ when Renwick says Katherine was upset and shouting , “ it ’s the price you agreed ” ? ’


Susie shrugged her shoulders .
‘ She says she does n’t know what it was about , sir .
I ’ve checked the gallery ’s books , and she was telling the truth about one thing , at least : there are no outstanding invoices to be paid . ’


‘ But you think there ’s more to it than that ? ’


Susie thought back to the way Lizzie had recovered from her questioning .
Too practised .
Too professional .
She would expect that from someone used to being interviewed by the police , not a gallery assistant .
‘ Just an impression , sir , but yes , I think there ’s something there worth our attention . ’


‘ Well , ’ Burns sighed , reaching forward for one of the cups of coffee in front of him .
He took a noisy slurp , grimaced .
Cold .
‘ Keep digging .
But I ’ m already getting heat from the powers - that - be to wrap this up .
They ’re keen to keep Mr Buchan happy , and a protracted investigation into his daughter ’s tragic suicide is n’t seen as the best way to do that . ’


‘ So , we ’re definite on the suicide angle ? ’
Susie asked .
It was the way she was thinking herself ; the fact that they had found Katherine ’s purse and credit cards in her flat earlier in the day only added to the theory that it was a suicide rather than a robbery gone wrong .
But still , there was that phone call Doug had received .
It was n’t unusual for reporters to get crank calls or letters when there was a high - profile death in the news – she remembered Doug telling her he had once received a letter from a man claiming to have killed Michael Jackson by psychically ordering his doctor to give him an overdose of sleeping pills and Pepsi – but , there were loose ends to be tied up here , and she was damned if she would let them be swept under the carpet in the name of political convenience .


‘ It ’s looking that way , ’ Burns nodded , not sounding entirely convinced .
‘ And the Chief ’s not keen on making Buchan unhappy by dragging this out .
But , ’ he sighed , adjusting himself in his chair again , ‘ I meant what I said , Susie , no shortcuts .
If you find anything interesting in the background checks on Renwick , then let me know . ’


Susie nodded and got up , glad to be out of the ass - numbing chair .
She got the feeling Burns would n’t be quite so eager to let her keep digging around if he knew some of the sources she was using .
She did n’t think Doug McGregor was on Burns ’ Christmas card list .


She had just settled back at her desk when her phone began to ring .
By the time she reached for it , it had gone dead .
She was about to pick it up and dial 1471 when she noticed a manila envelope had been put on her desk .
Glancing at the front , she saw it was internal mail from the records department .
Susie fished out the papers and began reading .
After about three lines she forgot all about finding out who had just called her .
What she had in front of her was far more interesting than any wrong number .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Doug dropped the phone back into its receiver , closed his eyes and took a deep breath .
After the initial shock of seeing McGinty and Katherine Buchan together in the photograph had worn off , his first impulse had been to phone Susie .
A story was a story , but this … this changed everything .
It meant there was a very good chance that whoever had called him the other day was n’t just another crank , that McGinty had indeed pushed Katherine from the top of the Scott Monument .
If the bloodbath in Prestonview was McGinty ’s handiwork , then the times and locations fit .
It meant that the police should be looking at a murder rather than a suicide .
It meant that McGinty was in the area .


It meant Doug had a chance of finding him .


He had snatched up the phone and got as far as dialling Susie ’s number before the journalist in him spoke up .
What did he have ?
An old photograph with a handwritten note tying the daughter of a well - known politician to a convicted rapist .


An envelope with a postage mark too smudged to be read .
It could have been posted from anywhere , from Edinburgh to Essex .
And if he called in the police now – even Susie – he would lose an exclusive on the biggest story of the year , and all because he played by the rulebook .


Nah .
Playground rules .
Mine .
He would share with Susie soon .
First , he wanted to see what he could find out .


He took the photo over to the picture desk where Terry Hewson , the _Tribune_ ’ s picture editor , was hunched over a screen , pouring over images that were being sent to the newspaper via an international wire service .


‘ Got a minute , Terry ? ’


‘ For you , Douglas , anything , ’ Terry replied as he swung round in his chair .
He was a small , compact man with neat dark hair carefully combed to hide a growing bald spot .
A pair of half - moon glasses perched precariously on the end of his nose , meaning he was always tilting his head up when he spoke .
To Doug , he looked like one of those lecturers he ’d seen on Open University programmes .


‘ Could you have a look at this photo , tell me a bit more about it ? ’


‘ Hmm . ’
Terry held the picture close to his face to study it , adjusting his glasses as he did .
‘ What do you want to know ? ’


‘ Anything you can tell me , ’ Doug said , trying to keep the pleading tone out of his voice .


‘ Well , there ’s nothing much I can tell you about the photo itself , ’ Terry said .
‘ Seems to be a fairly standard Polaroid , but … ’
He paused for a moment .


‘ Jesus , have you seen this ? ’
He pointed to the note that was in the envelope , which Doug had clipped to the picture .


Doug bit back the thousand sarcastic responses that flitted through his mind .
‘ Why do you think I ’ m so interested in it ? ’ he said , careful to keep his tone neutral .


Terry said nothing , merely nodded .
‘ You think there ’s any truth to it ? ’


Doug felt a scream tickle the back of his throat .
‘ I do n’t know , I really do n’t .
But I want to find out .
So is there anything you can do to help … ? ’


‘ Well , we could scan the photo in , see if we can sharpen up the background , try to give you a better idea of where they are ? ’


‘ Great , ’ Doug replied .
He felt like grabbing Terry by the scruff of the neck and screaming at him to get on with it .
He resisted the urge , but only just .
In frustration , he wheeled away and strode down the newsroom .
He barely stopped to knock as he burst into the editor ’s office .


‘ Doug , what … ? ’


‘ Sorry , Jonathan , but I think you should come up to Terry ’s desk for a minute .
I ’ve got something I think you ’re going to want to see . ’


* Chapter 23 Chapter 23 { { { 1 # 23


It was one of those pubs where everyone turned round the moment the door squealed open .
But when they saw Charlie ’s ruined and bruised face , the curious suddenly found their pints fascinating .
In a place like this , it did n’t do to ask any questions .


Charlie walked into the pub , pausing briefly to order a double Grouse at the bar .
The barman , a twitchy - looking kid whose left forearm was dominated by a maroon heart - shaped tattoo around which the legend ‘ _HMFC Forever_ ’ was tightly curled , made sure not to catch Charlie ’s eye as he served him .
Charlie was something of a regular in the bar .
His face spelled trouble on a good day .
But today …


Taking his drink , Charlie headed for the back of the pub , where two old and tatty - looking pool tables sat surrounded by three booth - style seating areas .
It did n’t matter what condition the tables were in , they were never used anyway .
This was not a place for games , it was a place for business .
Very serious business .


Charlie slid into the booth nearest to him , nodded a greeting to Henry , the mass of muscle prowling like a bulldog in the shadows at the back of the pub – the criminal equivalent of visible deterrent .
Henry ’s arms were even more ornately decorated with Hearts FC tattoos than the barman ’s .


A cadaverous - looking man with cheekbones so sharp they threatened to poke through his jaundiced skin looked up from a racing paper as Charlie settled into the seat opposite him .


‘ Charlie , Charlie , ’ he drawled , small beady eyes darting across Charlie ’s injuries , ‘ you have been in the wars , have n’t you ? ’


Dessie Banks may have looked liked a frail old man with a liver problem , but he was one of the most feared and respected men in Edinburgh .
From his ‘ office ’ in this Gorgie pub , Dessie organised protection , extortion , and contract deals for more than half the city .
Someone owe you some cash and unwilling to repay ?
No problem , see Dessie .
For a small fee , he would see you got the money back , plus a few of the debtor ’s teeth as a souvenir .
Someone else shagging your wife ?
No problem , one meeting with Dessie and the guy was landfill .
The wife , too , if you had the cash .
And so on .
Charlie had worked for Dessie a few times himself , collecting debts and occasionally dealing for him in some clubs around town and , during that time , the golden lesson he had learned was simple and absolute .
Do not fuck with Dessie Banks .


‘ You could say that , Dessie , ’ he sighed , taking a gulp of his whisky , grimacing at the bright flash of pain as he opened his mouth .
‘ Do you have it ? ’


Dessie smiled slightly , revealing a row of rotting teeth .
‘ I was n’t sure why you wanted this when you first called , ’ he said , reaching into a small bag that sat beside him .
‘ After all , I always thought you were a knife man .
But now that I see this ’ , he waved a bony , claw - like hand in front of Charlie ’s face , ‘ I understand .
You after a bit of payback , are you , Charlie ? ’


Charlie ’s eyes burned from the swollen mass of bruising surrounding them .
‘ Oh yes , ’ he whispered , his voice a lisping rasp thanks to his shattered teeth .
‘ That ’s exactly what I ’ m after . ’


‘ Hmm . ’
Dessie nodded , placing the bag on the table between them and resting his hand on it .
‘ Payback costs , Charlie , you of all people should know that .
Do you have the money ? ’


Charlie fished into his pocket and threw a fat wad of cash onto the table .
His employer had n’t been happy at having to pay for this , or the fact that Charlie had insisted this was the only way to get the job done , but what did he know ?
He was n’t the one getting beaten half to death and then robbed in a shit - stained car park .
He was n’t the one feeling like someone was gouging the marrow out of his teeth with blunt needles as a steel band was tightened around his head .


Fuck him .
They had tried it his way , and Charlie was paying the price .
Now they did things his way .


Dessie fingered the cash greedily then slid the bag across the table .
Charlie dropped it into his lap and unwrapped the greasy towel the bag held .
What was there was surprisingly heavy for something so small , so lethal .


‘ Think that ’ll get the job done ? ’
Dessie asked .


‘ Oh yes , ’ Charlie replied , eyes not moving from the pistol .
Pain flared across his face as he smiled .
He did n’t care .
‘ Thanks , Dessie , I think this ’ll do very nicely . ’


* Chapter 24 Chapter 24 { { { 1 # 24


Doug was just passing the ‘ Welcome to Prestonview ’ sign when his phone rang .
He glanced down at the screen , winced , then hit answer .


‘ Susie , ’ he said , trying to keep his voice as casual as possible .
‘ What ’s up ? ’


‘ Hey , Doug .
Where are you , I thought you were going to be in the office this afternoon ? ’


‘ Ah … yeah , I was , I was .
But something came up .
I ’ m just heading to an interview . ’


‘ Hmm , ’ Susie replied .
She sounded impatient .
‘ Anyway , I was just phoning to see if you had found anything on Altered Perspective yet ? ’


Doug glanced at the clock on his dashboard . 3.30pm , just over an hour since she had last called .
Susie never hassled him about stuff unless it was important .
She was onto something , he was sure of it .
Question was , what ?


‘ Eh , not yet , I kind of got caught up and have n’t heard back from the library yet . ’
It was half - true ; he had n’t called the _Tribune_ ’ s library at all , but he had got caught up once the picture of McGinty and Katherine together had arrived .


After he had barged in on Greig and filled him in on the situation , a hasty conference had been called .
Walter – whose only comment on the photograph had been a whispered ‘ not exactly a good quality pic for the front , is it ? ’ – had been called into Greig ’s office , along with Terry and , at Doug ’s request , the _Tribune_ ’ s political editor , Andy Wilkes .


Walter ’s first thought , to run a late second edition with a new front page and a story about the picture , had been grudgingly dismissed by Greig , but Doug could tell he was n’t totally happy with the decision .
He could n’t blame him .
On the one hand he had every editor ’s dream : an exclusive angle on the biggest story of the day linking the tragic daughter of a well - known politician with a notorious criminal .
But on the other hand , he had nothing .


Sure , he had the picture , but what else ?
An anonymous note saying McGinty had killed Katherine .
Not exactly a trustworthy source .
And while the picture itself raised more than a few interesting questions , it was n’t proof .
It did n’t show McGinty was connected to Katherine ’s death .
No , the story was theirs , an exclusive .
Better to wait , do a bit of digging and see what they could find .


Terry reported that the picture had been scanned into the computer , and he was going to see what he could do about sharpening up the image and getting more details .
Part of the problem , he said , was that the picture was faded and crumpled , with heavy creases across the main frame , but he would do what he could .
Again , Doug bit back the urge to grab Terry and frogmarch him back to his machine .
He wanted answers .
He wanted the story .
Now .


‘ Oh well , ’ Susie sighed , shaking him from his thoughts .
‘ Guess it ’s not that important , anyway .
Can you let me know if you find anything , though ? ’


Find anything ; that was a laugh .
He ’d found something alright .
And he was going to have to tell her about it sooner or later .
But not yet .
He had a few questions he wanted to ask uninterrupted first .
And to do that he would need the photograph , a copy of which was tucked in his jacket pocket .


‘ Sure , ’ he replied .
‘ Listen , Susie , you going to be free in about an hour ? ’


‘ Maybe , ’ she said , a note of caution her voice .
She was still worried about them being seen together while the Chief Superintendent was inquiring about how the _Tribune_ had got the inside track on the suicide of his friend ’s daughter .
‘ I ’ve got an interview myself .
What ’s up ? ’


Doug took a deep breath .
Why did lying to her feel so wrong ?
‘ I ’ve found something I think you ’re going to want to see . ’


‘ But I thought you said you had n’t had time to look into the gallery for me ? ’


‘ I did n’t .
It ’s not that , it ’s something else . ’
He turned off Prestonview Main Street and into the small estate where Sam and Rita McGinty lived .
He noticed that a couple of the reporters ’ cars had disappeared and could n’t help but smile .
‘ Listen , I ’ve got to go .
I ’ll phone you when we get done and we can maybe meet up , okay ? ’


‘ Yeah , okay . ’
Susie let the silence hang on the line for a moment , giving Doug time to volunteer some details .
It made her nervous when he got mysterious , but it was clear that was the way he was going to play it .
‘ Speak to you soon , Doug . ’


‘ Yeah , I ’ll give you a call , ’ he said and cut the line .


He parked his car , picked up his notepad and got out .
Nodded a few hellos to the reporters and TV crews he knew as he walked up the pathway .
He knocked on the door of the McGintys ’ home and waited .
After a moment , Sam McGinty opened the door slightly .
He left the door chain on .


‘ You again , ’ he hissed .
‘ Look , I thought I told you this morning , I do n’t know anything .
I have n’t seen Derek and even if I had … ’


Doug held up the copy of the photo , making sure it was facing straight towards Sam McGinty , mindful of how many bored journalists with telephoto lenses were sitting in the street behind him .
He watched as Sam ’s eyes went wide with shock and recognition as he realised what he was looking at .


Bingo .


‘ I think you do know something , Mr McGinty , ’ Doug said slowly , trying to sound as friendly as possible .
‘ I think you have seen your son , or at least spoken with him on the phone .
Look , my paper is going to run this picture , one way or another .
Now , do you want us to go with what we usually do – Derek McGinty , the infamous rapist – or do you want us to tell our readers about the man in this picture , the man who looks like he does n’t have a care in the world ? ’


Sam McGinty opened his mouth , but it was a woman ’s voice that spoke .
She sounded exhausted .
‘ Let him in , Sam , ’ Rita McGinty said , her hand appearing on her husband ’s shoulder .
‘ They ’re just going to keep coming until we speak to one of them , might as well be him . ’


The door swung shut while the chain was rattled free and then it opened again .
It seemed to take forever .


‘ You ’d better come in , then , ’ Sam McGinty sighed as he turned round and headed back down the hall .


Doug did n’t need to be asked twice .
He followed them into the house .


The living room reminded Doug of his grandparents ’ .
The McGintys had the same style of crocheted headrests thrown across the back of their chairs that he had seen his gran make when he was a child .
Like his grandparents ’ home , the McGintys ’ living room was compact and neat , dominated by an open fireplace , which had once been for coal and now contained a gas fire .
And , like his grandparents , the McGintys had a small television stashed in the corner of the room , almost an afterthought , while a radio took pride of place in a display cabinet on one wall .


But , where Doug ’s grandparents ’ home had been light and airy , with a huge bay window from which a set of flimsy sheer blinds hung , the McGintys ’ was dark and gloomy , the light blocked out by heavy curtains drawn tight across the windows .
Seeing those curtains , and the gloom of the room , Doug felt a sudden pang of guilt .


Rita McGinty motioned to the couch .
‘ Take a seat , Mr … ’


‘ McGregor , Doug McGregor . ’


Rita nodded slightly , committing the name to memory .


‘ Well then , can I get you a drink , Mr McGregor ? ’


‘ It ’s Doug , please .
And a coffee would be great if it ’s no bother .
Black , no sugar . ’


Rita ’s lips twisted into a humourless smile .
She was a tall , thin woman with a tight , pinched face and eyes that seemed to be everywhere at once .
It may have just been the light , but her skin had a greyish , washed out look to it .
Again , Doug was reminded of his grandparents .
Rita McGinty looked like his gran had after her first stroke .


‘ Sam , do you want anything ? ’ she asked .


‘ No , love , I ’ m fine , ’ Sam said , his tone implying he was anything but .
He waited for his wife to disappear into the kitchen , and then leant forward so violently Doug thought he was trying to headbutt him .


‘ Why are you here ? ’ he hissed .
‘ Ca n’t you see what this is doing to her ?
Why ca n’t you just leave us alone ? ’


‘ Look , I ’ m sorry , ’ Doug said .
He hated this part of the job , going where he was n’t welcome , asking the questions no one wanted to be asked .
‘ I ’ll be out of your hair as quickly as I can .
But I need to know if you can tell me anything about that picture , Mr McGinty , anything you know about your son .
You saw him last night , did n’t you ? ’


‘ How did you know … ? ’


‘ Good guess , ’ Doug said .
‘ There was a bit of bother down at the car park leading to the cycle track last night , and I heard you were in the Halfway House looking a little shaken up .
Does n’t take much of a jump to guess that Derek is the common thread in those two events . ’


Sam McGinty blinked rapidly .
‘ What bother ?
Is he in more trouble ? ’
There was a noise from the kitchen and his eyes darted to the door .
‘ She does n’t know , ’ he whispered desperately .
‘ Please , do n’t say anything .
It would kill her if she knew I ’d seen Derek last night , it would … ’


‘ Right , ’ Rita said , carrying in a tray laden with biscuits and mugs and placing it on a small table between Doug and Sam .
‘ Now , what do you want to ask , Mr McGregor ? ’


Doug cleared his throat .
‘ Is there anything you can tell me about this photograph ? ’
He passed it to Rita , who perched herself on the arm of her husband ’s chair .
They studied it together for a moment , then Rita nodded slightly and said , almost to herself , ‘ Yes , it ’s her .
It must be . ’


Doug ’s breath caught in his throat .
‘ Who ? ’


She looked up at Doug .
When she spoke , her voice was n’t quite steady .
‘ We never met her , Mr McGregor , and I ’ve never seen a picture of her before .
But , given the way Derek looks here , this photograph must have been taken when he was about eighteen years old . ’


Derek had been eighteen when he attacked Bethany Miller .
Interesting .
Doug nodded his head .
‘ That would mean that picture was taken in ’ 91 or ’ 92 , ’ he said .


‘ Quite .
He was working in Edinburgh then , Mr McGregor , ’ Rita continued .
Doug wondered what it would take for her to use his first name .
The second coming , probably .
‘ We did n’t see much of him then , but he did phone home from time to time .
And , of course , he visited when he needed a hot meal or was running short of money . ’


‘ Now , Rita … ’
Sam began before being silenced by a withering glance .


‘ Anyway , on one of those visits , he seemed different . ’


‘ Different ?
How ? ’


‘ Happy , Mr McGregor , he was happy .
Derek was hardly ever happy .
He seemed to think that being surly was the only way to get ahead in life ; that he was owed something because he had been born in a small town with not much to do and few jobs going . ’


Doug tried to ignore the pained look on Sam McGinty ’s face and the anger in his wife ’s words .
‘ And did you find out what made him happy ? ’


‘ She did , Mr McGregor .
As I said , we never met her – he must have thought we were an embarrassment or something – but he said it was serious and the way he described her matches that picture . ’
Her eyes strayed back to the picture , studying her son .
When she spoke again , Doug could n’t tell what he was hearing in her voice .
Regret , maybe .
Or sorrow .
‘ He said he wanted to make a go of it , find himself a proper job and settle down with her .
It could have just been puppy love , a teenage crush , but … ’


‘ But ? ’
Doug prompted .


‘ But I believed him , ’ Rita snapped .
‘ Whether he loved that girl or not , I did n’t care .
He _thought_ he loved her , and that was enough . ’


Doug rocked back in his seat .
Derek McGinty and Katherine Buchan , together .
Jesus .
Is that why he killed her ?
Spurned lover seeking revenge ?
Or worse , had he tried something on top of the Monument and she had fought him off , losing her balance and toppling over the edge as a result ?
Again the whispered voice on the phone : _Derek McGinty pushed Katherine Buchan to her death . _
Doug fought to focus on the questions he wanted to ask .
He could figure out what it all meant later .


He heard Rita gasp sharply , saw Sam take his wife ’s hands in his .
‘ What is it , love ? ’


Rita shook her head from side to side , tears welling in her eyes .
Doug felt his stomach give a sickening lurch as he saw her eyes stray to the coffee table in the middle of the room .
The coffee table with yesterday ’s _Tribune_ on it , complete with his story on the Scott Monument ‘ suicide death riddle ’ .
And a photograph of Katherine Buchan .


Rita lunged for the paper , knocking over the plate of biscuits she had brought from the kitchen with Doug ’s coffee .
The sound of the plate shattering was deafening .
She rifled through the pages manically and then dropped the paper , fell to her knees and wailed .
To Doug , the sound was barely human .


Sam shot Doug a poisonous look as he leapt out of the chair and put his hands around his wife ’s shuddering shoulders .
‘ What is it , love ? ’ he whispered , rubbing her back , trying to rock her gently back and forth to comfort her .
‘ What ’s wrong ? ’


‘ It ’s her ! ’ she screamed viciously through choked sobs .
Sam flinched away .
‘ Do n’t you see , it ’s her !
The picture in the paper , the girl who died yesterday , it ’s HER ! ’
She whirled around to face Doug , glaring at him with bloodshot eyes as tears streamed down her cheeks .
‘ You think he did it , do n’t you ? ’ she cried , voice rising to a near scream .
‘ You think he killed her , do n’t you ?
DO N’T YOU ? ’


Sam wrestled the photo from Rita ’s grip , eyes darting between it and the paper .
‘ Oh Jesus , ’ he whispered .
‘ Oh Jesus Christ . ’


Doug got to his feet .
His legs felt numb .
What had he done ?
They were an old couple , for God ’s sake .
Their only crime was to have a son who turned out to be a monster .
They did n’t deserve any of this .


‘ Mr McGinty , ’ he whispered .
‘ I …
I ’ m so … ’


‘ GET OUT ! ’
Sam McGinty roared , drowning out his wife ’s hysterical sobs .
For an old man he moved quickly , grabbing Doug by his shirt and pushing him towards the door .
Doug could feel McGinty ’s arms tremble with rage , could smell peppermint on his breath .
His face was twisted into a hateful sneer .
For Doug , it was like looking at Derek .


_Here I am , motherfucker .
Come and get me . _


He let McGinty manhandle him to the door , had the breath knocked out of him when the old man pinned him against the front door as he tried to fumble the chain and open it .


‘ Look , Mr McGinty , I ’ m sorry , really I am .
I did n’t think … ’


Sam hauled him forward to swing the door open .
Their noses were almost touching .
‘ I never want to see you again , ’ he spat .
So that was where Derek got his temper from .
‘ If I do , it wo n’t be Derek you ’ll have to worry about , it ’ll be me .
I swear to God , I ’ll fucking kill you . ’


‘ Mr McGinty , Sam , I … ’


No good .
McGinty shoved Doug backwards out the door .
He stumbled and fell back down the doorstep .
‘ And take this shit with you , ’ McGinty hissed as he crumpled up the photo and threw it at Doug .
The front door slammed shut , the bang echoing down the street .
Doug scrambled to stuff the photograph into his pocket as he heard footsteps run up the path towards him .


‘ Jesus , Doug , ’ he heard Julie McCabe , a reporter he knew from the _Record_ , say as she helped him to his feet .
‘ What the hell was all that about ?
The old guy looked like he was ready to kill you . ’


Doug got to his feet and made a fuss of straightening his jacket and tie , giving himself time to collect his thoughts .
‘ Just asked a question he did n’t like , ’ he said .


He could see Julie was n’t convinced .
‘ What was that he threw at you , then ? ’ she asked .


‘ My business card .
I asked him to call me if he heard anything about Derek .
Must have been the wrong thing to say .
Listen , you get shots of all that ? ’


Julie jerked a thumb back over her shoulder to her car and the pony - tailed giant sitting in the front seat with a camera pointing out of the window .


‘ Gary did , ’ she said .
‘ He ’s been looking for something to do all day . ’


Doug nodded slowly .
‘ Good .
Terry will probably be in touch for one of the snaps later . ’


‘ Mmm - hmm . ’
Julie crossed her arms across her chest in the classic you ’re - fooling - no - one - pal stance .
‘ Doug , what the hell is going on ? ’


‘ Good question , ’ he said as he headed for his car .
‘ Soon as I know , I ’ll let you know . ’


He unlocked the car and got in , rocking his head back against the headrest as he closed the door .


Just what the fuck _was_ going on ?
So Derek and Katherine knew each other ; were , according to Derek ’s mother , a serious item in her son ’s mind .
Had Katherine felt the same way ?
And why , Doug wondered , had none of this come up when reporters and police had been combing over McGinty ’s life during his original trial ?


Doug straightened in his seat , started the engine .
Driving would help clear his mind , it always did .
It was like a meditation to him .
Some people listened to music when they wanted to think , some went for a walk , others had a pint .
Doug sat behind a wheel and drove .


He turned the car and headed back down the road .
Yes , a drive was just what he needed .
But first , he had another stop to make in Prestonview .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


The desk sergeant at Prestonview police station would n’t have won any prizes for most welcoming host , Doug thought as he stood in the main reception area .
When he had asked to speak to Sergeant Allan , the response had been a gruff ‘ He ’s no ’ here , pal ’ .
No ‘ Can I take a message ? ’ or ‘ Give me your number and I ’ll get him to call you when he gets back in ’ .
Nothing , just stonewalling .
Which , after his earlier conversation with Sam McGinty , made Doug think that Allan _was_ in the station , did have some very interesting news about his little blood - stained crime scene at the car park , and had then told the desk sergeant he did n’t want to be disturbed – especially if an overly nosey journalist turned up and asked for him .


‘ Hokay , ’ Doug said , turning to go .
‘ Thanks , anyway .
But , when you see him , could you tell him it ’s okay , I know they found Derek McGinty ’s fingerprints all over the knife that was handed in earlier on .
If he wants to know any more , tell him he can read it in tomorrow ’s _Tribune_ . ’


He had got as far as the door when Mr Congeniality called him back .
‘ Haw , hold on a wee minute there , ’ he said , a phone clamped to his ear .
He mumbled into it , nodded and grunted a response , then sat the phone down and fixed Doug with his best you ’re - shit - pal stare .


‘ Sergeant Allan will be down to see you in a moment , ’ he snarled .


Doug gave him his best smile and took a seat .
Sometimes , it was amazing how winging it could achieve results .
Five minutes later , he was sitting in a small canteen with a tar - black cup of coffee and a very agitated Tom Allan opposite .


‘ How did you find out ? ’ he asked .


Doug took a sip of the coffee , tried not to shudder .
‘ Digging , ’ he said , not willing to share his reasons for visiting the McGintys or why that had made him think Derek was in the area .
Susie deserved to know about the photograph first .
And he would tell her , as soon as he got what he wanted from Allan .


‘ So , if you already know , what do you want ? ’


‘ Confirmation , ’ Doug replied .
‘ And do n’t worry , I wo n’t name you .
As far as my readers are concerned , you ’re “ a police source who asked not to be named ” , okay ? ’


‘ And what happens if I do n’t want to say anything ? ’


‘ Then I go to the press office , they come to you , I still get what I ’ m after and you get the headache of dealing with enquires you could have dealt with in two minutes .
So , what do you say ? ’


Allan shook his head slowly .
He knew when to admit defeat .


‘ So , what did you find ? ’
Doug asked .


‘ Fingerprints , ’ Allan replied .
‘ Specifically , McGinty ’s fingerprints , and lots of them .
On the knife your friend brought into the pub and all over a wrecked car we found at the scene . ’


The Polo , Doug thought .
‘ It was stolen , right ? ’


‘ Yeah , ’ Allan replied , a surprised tone in his voice .
He opened his mouth to ask how Doug knew , then thought better of it and pre - empted the next question instead .
‘ We ran the number plate .
The car was reported stolen from the Gilmerton area a couple of nights ago .
Although why anyone would be bothered if someone had stolen that piece of crap … ’


Doug laughed .
So Allan had a sense of humour , after all .
‘ So , is there anything else you can tell me ?
Jimmy said there was a lot of blood on the scene .
Has a victim come forward , or is it McGinty ’s ? ’


Internally , Allan sighed .
Thank Christ .
He did n’t know everything , then .
‘ No , ’ he said , ‘ the blood was n’t McGinty ’s and no victims have come forward . ’


‘ So , where did it come from ? ’


‘ We do n’t know , ’ Allan said , hoping his tone or expression did n’t give away the lie .


‘ Hmm , ’ Doug said , chewing on the end of his pen .
‘ So , what happens now ?
I take it you ’ve got officers out looking for McGinty ?
Are you drafting in extra manpower for the search ? ’


‘ McGinty would have to be a fucking moron to stay around here after that .
And we do n’t usually draft in extra officers to look for a car thief , Mr McGregor . ’


Not yet , you do n’t , Doug thought .
But wait until you hear about this photograph .
Then wait and see what happens .
You ’ll have cops from all over crawling up your arse .


‘ Is there anything else ? ’


‘ Nope , ’ Doug said .
‘ That about does it , Tom , thanks for your help . ’


‘ And you wo n’t name me , right ? ’


‘ Right , ’ Doug replied , winking .
‘ As far as I ’ m concerned , you ’re the man with no name . ’
He saw Allan ’s shoulders sag with relief , and could n’t resist adding : ‘ Just make sure that desk sergeant of yours knows the same .
After all , he saw me coming in here , knows you spoke to me . ’


Doug left Allan to his panic .


* Chapter 25 Chapter 25 { { { 1 # 25


The deep leather sofa creaked slightly as Susie shifted her weight , trying not to get sucked down into it .
Sitting opposite , immaculate as ever in a dark suit with black tie , Richard Buchan adjusted his glasses on his face , waiting for her to get comfortable .


‘ I ’ m sorry to intrude on you and your wife again so soon after my last visit , ’ Susie said as she finally got into a comfortable position .
They were back in the drawing room of the Buchans ’ Stockbridge home .
Late afternoon light was spilling in through the window , stretching long shadows across the floors .
The silence in the room reminded Susie of a library .
Or a museum .


‘ Not at all , DS Drummond , although I must admit , I was rather surprised by your call .
You say you ’ve found something odd ? ’


Susie nodded and produced a manila envelope from her briefcase .
‘ Yes , ’ she said as she handed it over to Buchan .
‘ As I said on the phone , we ’ve been trying to build up a picture of Katherine ’s movements shortly before her … ah , death .
As such , we been looking at her phone records , bank statements and the like , which is what you have there . ’


Buchan studied the pages in front of him , smooth brow darkening as it was creased by a frown .
He ran a finger along the page , then looked up . ‘ £ 5,000 ? ’ he said .


‘ Yes , sir .
As you can see , it was withdrawn from Katherine ’s account the day before yesterday . ’


‘ The day she died , ’ Buchan mumbled .


‘ Exactly .
The bank has provided us with details of the time and location of the withdrawal .
It appears she went in to the Royal Bank of Scotland on St Andrew Square and made the withdrawal at about 11am that day . ’


Buchan nodded .
Susie noticed a muscle in his cheek flutter .
‘ Which would have been just before she went to the Monument .
Do you have any idea why ? ’


‘ No , sir , none .
That ’s what we were hoping you could tell us .
We ’ve checked her other accounts , her mortgage , credit cards and the like , and there are no records of £ 5,000 being either deposited into another account or being used to pay for something else . ’


Susie would have been surprised if there had been .
In her experience , you did n’t get your hands on a large chunk of cash just to pay a bill or open another account on the day you planned to kill yourself .
No , there was something else to it .


‘ And you have no idea where the money went ? ’
Buchan asked , his eyes falling back to the papers in front of him , as if studying them hard enough would yield an answer .


‘ We were hoping you could help us with that , sir , ’ Susie replied .
‘ There was no trace of the money on … ’ – she caught herself before she said ‘ the body ’ – ‘ … Katherine when she was found , and there ’s no record of the money being deposited anywhere else . ’
All of which put the robbery theory back in the frame .
Or gave the suicide theory a nasty new spin .


‘ Can you think of any reason why she would need that amount of cash , Mr Buchan ? ’


Buchan took of his glasses and rubbed his eyes .
In that one moment , he looked his age .
‘ No , ’ he muttered , ‘ I can not .
I assume you ’ve checked with Lizzie that Katherine did n’t need the money for something at the gallery ? ’


‘ Yes , we have .
As far as Ms Renwick knows , there were no outstanding bills for the gallery to pay , other than the usual gas and electric bills , which are taken directly from the business account . ’


Buchan nodded slightly .
Susie took a deep breath and then asked the question she had wanted to ask since he had let her in .


‘ Mr Buchan , can you think of anyone who may have been blackmailing your daughter ? ’


Buchan ’s head snapped round suddenly , his eyes settling on hers .
‘ Of course not , ’ he said , his tone as cold as his stare .
‘ As I said , Detective , Katherine was a very shy , introverted girl .
I can hardly think of any reason for her to be …
Wait , wait a minute , you think someone pushed her from the Monument , do n’t you ?
That she gave someone that money and then they shoved her over the edge ? ’


Susie raised a hand .
‘ We ’re not ruling anything out , sir , ’ she said .
‘ We ’re just examining the facts .
And that ’ , she nodded towards the papers in Buchan ’s hand , ‘ is one of the facts that we need to look at , and find an answer for . ’


Buchan opened his mouth to say something , closed it again .


‘ Sir , when we last spoke , you said Katherine did n’t have a boyfriend or anyone else other than Lizzie Renwick that she would talk to if she had a problem .
Are you sure there ’s no one else we could talk to about this , sir ?
Someone she felt might have needed that kind of money ? ’


‘ Of course there is n’t , ’ Buchan snapped again , a moment too quickly for Susie ’s liking .
He was hiding something , she could feel it .
But what ?
And , if he wanted to get to the truth of his daughter ’s death and lay her to rest as he had said , then why ?


Good questions .
Susie wished she had some answers .


‘ Sir , I … ’
Susie was cut off by the shrill ringing of the phone from the hall .


‘ Excuse me , Detective , ’ Buchan said as he got up and strode or the door .
‘ But my wife is resting , and I do n’t want the phone to disturb her . ’


Susie nodded and watched him go .
She looked down at her notes .
This case , like her handwriting , was a mess .
So many questions , so few answers .
Burns had n’t been too happy when Susie had told him about the £ 5,000 missing for Katherine ’s account .
The missing money put the whole suicide angle in doubt , which would drag out the investigation .
And the longer the investigation ran , the longer Katherine ’s body lay in the morgue , the longer the Buchans would have to wait to bury her .


Susie knew as well as Burns that that would n’t sit well with Richard Buchan , who would make his displeasure known to his friends in high places .
Fuck ’ em .
Let the heidyins grumble as much as they wanted .
A woman had died in a horrible , brutal way , either driven to it or murdered .
Susie did n’t know which it was yet , but she was determined to find out .


She could hear Buchan speaking from the hall .
He did n’t sound happy .


‘ Ah , Andy .
Yes , thank you , thank you .
Linda ?
She ’s coping , as you can imagine , this is n’t easy for any of us .
What can I do for you ? ’


A pause as Buchan listened to his caller .
When he spoke again , his voice was a shout that made Susie jump in her seat .


‘ What ?
What photograph ?
What are you talking about ?
What do you mean , Katherine ’s in it ? ’
Another pause .
‘ WHO ? ’


Susie was on her feet now .
What the hell was going on ?


‘ No , ’ Buchan snapped , his voice rising with anger .
‘ I know nothing about this , nothing at all .
How did you get this , anyway ? ’
Another pause .
Then Buchan , voice heavy with disgust .
‘ Oh , and you ’re going to publish it , I take it ?
I expected better from you , Andy , I thought you had morals .
Do n’t you think we ’ve been through enough ? ’


Pause .


‘ That ’s shit , Andy , and you know it .
No , I have no official comment to make , thank you very much , other than that my lawyers and I will be studying your _work_ very closely and will no doubt be in touch with your editor . ’


The sound of the phone being slammed down was like a gunshot .
A moment later , Buchan strode back into the room , door banging against the wall as he threw it open .


‘ Mr Buchan , what … ? ’


He glared at her , then remembered himself and the mask of civility slipped back down .
He took a deep breath , straightened up and ran a hand down his chest to smooth his already perfect tie .


‘ I suggest you have a word with your superiors , ’ he said , the anger still present in his voice .
‘ That was Andy Wilkes , the _Tribune_ ’ s ’ – he said the name as if it were an obscenity – ‘ political editor .
It would appear they have received a photograph of Katherine with a less than savoury character . ’


Susie blinked , why had n’t she heard anything about this ?
Then , Doug ’s words : _I ’ m heading for an interview_ .
The way he was being mysterious when she had called him .
What the hell was going on ?


‘ Who did they say is in the photograph with her ? ’
Susie asked .


Buchan ’s shoulders slumped slightly .
‘ That rapist who ’s been in the papers recently . ’


‘ McGinty ? ’
Susie offered .
‘ Derek McGinty ? ’


Buchan nodded .
He would n’t look Susie in the eye .


Susie felt a headache snarl behind her eyes .
Derek McGinty .
Doug ’s pet subject .
Derek McGinty , who had been chased out of his Fife home a month ago and had n’t been seen or heard from since .
Derek McGinty , just the sort of man to whom five grand would come in very handy .


‘ Could there be any truth to what they ’re saying ? ’


Buchan ignored her , heading for a drinks tray in the corner of the room .
He poured himself a large whisky , downed it .
‘ Please , just leave , ’ he whispered .


‘ Of course , ’ Susie said as she headed for the door , trying to keep her pace casual .
‘ But I ’ m afraid this means I will have to . . . ’


Buchan waved a dismissive hand as he pushed his glasses aside and massaged his eyes .
His skin was the colour of rotten paper .
‘ Yes , yes .
You will have more questions , no doubt .
But please , just not now .
Not now . ’


Susie nodded and kept walking .
Paused on the doorstep after she stepped outside .
A photograph of McGinty and Katherine together .
Jesus .
Why had n’t the paper , why had n’t Doug , told her ?


The answer was depressingly obvious ; Doug had to know what the story was .
And to do that , he needed to poke around without the police getting in his way .
Wherever he had been heading when she called him , it was connected to the picture , she knew it .


Back at her car , she punched in Burns ’ number and listened to it ring , trying to keep her anger in check .
She had to remain calm , let Third Degree know what was going on .
She could only imagine what his response would be .


Everywhere she turned , there were questions .
Most of them , she could n’t answer yet .
But Doug , it seemed , had more answers than she did .
And , as soon as she had finished with Burns , he was going to share them .


* Chapter 26 Chapter 26 { { { 1 # 26


The conference room where Jonathan had assembled the MSPs and party officials for the briefing was in chaos by the time Hal walked in .
Even Jonathan had lost some of his enthusiasm , and was standing in the corner busily running a pen over a document as his lips moved silently .


About four different arguments were going on at once , all of them focused on how fucked they were and what the hell could be done .
Hal felt a moment of panic so strong it was like vertigo as the thought flitted across his mind that they had found out about his chat with Ronnie and his follow - up call to the Chief Superintendent .
Knew that was n’t the case when he felt the weight of the room ’s gaze fall upon him , eyes looking for answers , not his head .


‘ So , ’ he said quietly , keeping his voice low so the others in the room would have to shut up to hear him .
‘ What ’s happened ? ’


Three people – two balding MSPs and a party official who looked like she had been freeze - dried in the early 1970s – tried to tell him at once .


‘ The papers have got a hold of this picture … ’


‘ Rapist everyone ’s looking for … ’


‘ Buchan ’s daughter with … ’


Hal held up a hand , waited for them to stop talking .
‘ Please , ’ he said softly , ‘ one at a time .
Jonathan ? ’
The kid jumped in the corner as though he ’d been electrified .
‘ Why do n’t you tell me what ’s going on ? ’


‘ Me ?
Ah … ’
Red crept up from his collar , as though bleeding from his lurid tie .
‘ Well , ah , ah … ’


‘ Oh , for God ’s sake , ’ snapped The Creature The Seventies Forgot .
‘ What ’s the point of getting … ? ’


‘ Because ’ , Hal said sharply , voice hardening , ‘ I want to know what the hell is going on , without the hysteria and politics .
Jonathan can tell me that , then we can figure out what we ’re going to do .
Go ahead , Jonathan . ’


‘ Well , ah , Mr Buchan just took a call from a reporter at the _Tribune_ . ’


‘ McGregor ? ’
Hal asked .


‘ No , ah , Wilkes .
Andy Wilkes .
Something about a picture of his daughter with that rapist that has been all over the TV recently .
Asking for a statement ; reaction . ’


‘ Hmm . ’
Hal sat back in his seat , tension in his chest easing .
Nothing to do with Ronnie ’s chat , then .
Thank God .
‘ How old is the picture ? ’


‘ Ah , not sure . ’
Jonathan said .
‘ Ca n’t be that recent though , there ’s no way it would have stayed quiet until now if McGinty had been spotted since he disappeared from Fife . ’


Hal raised an eyebrow .
Smart kid .


‘ Good .
Simple response for us , then .
Jonathan , type this up , will you ?
Get it out on the wires for the later editions : “ This is a personal matter for Mr Buchan and his family , and we are not going to add to their distress at this time with lurid speculation about who his daughter may or may not have known . ” ’


He paused for a moment , smiled .
This actually worked out quite well .
‘ “ Mr Buchan has today indicated that he will be taking a leave of absence from his seat as the MSP for Lothians as he and his wife attempt to come to terms with the tragic loss of their daughter . ” ’
Paused .
Looked around the room for disagreement .
Did n’t get any . Good .
He did n’t have time for it .


‘ We ’ll follow that up with a few calls to the newsdesks .
Go heavy on the line asking for them to respect the family ’s privacy at this time . ’


‘ And what the hell are we meant to do now ? ’ a florid - faced suit asked .


‘ Support your colleague , ’ Hal replied .
‘ Do n’t deviate from the line I ’ve just given you , do n’t go looking for interviews .
You need to keep this low key , let it die out on its own . ’


Murmurs of agreement around the room .
Hal took this as his cue , got up and headed for the door .
‘ Now , if you ’ll excuse me , I ’ve got to tell Mr Buchan about his decision .
Jonathan has my number if you need me . ’


* Chapter 27 Chapter 27 { { { 1 # 27


By the time Doug got back to the _Tribune_ , Susie was already waiting for him in Greig ’s office .
She had called him just as he was driving into Cockenzie , a small town on the East Lothian coast memorable only for the large , glass and concrete - faced power station that dominated it .
He had hit the road hoping for a chance to think , find some answers .
For all he good it had done , he may as well have saved the petrol .


‘ You little bastard , ’ she had hissed when he answered the phone .
‘ What the hell do you think you ’re playing at ? ’


Doug swallowed , flailing for a response .
‘ I do n’t know , I … ’


‘ You know Burns is spitting bullets about this , do n’t you ? ’
Susie snarled .
Doug did n’t think he ’d ever heard her so angry .
It was n’t a pleasant experience .
‘ He ’s talking about charging you with obstructing justice and wasting police time , and , you know what , I ’ m not too sure I disagree with him . ’


‘ Look , Susie , I just wanted to get a few facts before I told you what was going on . ’
It was a half - hearted excuse , Doug knew .


‘ Bullshit , Doug .
You wanted to get the scoop .
You always do .
Jesus Christ , after all this time , did n’t you think you could trust me or something ? ’


‘ Well , I …
I … ’


‘ Save it .
Listen , I ’ m heading to the _Tribune_ to pick up the photograph now .
Let ’s just hope you ’ve left some trace evidence intact , for your sake and mine . ’


‘ Susie , I ’ m not a complete idiot .
The photo was scanned in and then sealed in a plastic bag , along with the envelope it came in , ready for you to pick up . ’


‘ Oh , and just when was that going to be , Doug ?
When were you planning to tell me , if I had n’t been there to hear Buchan ’s conversation with your friend Wilkes ? ’


‘ Now , Susie , I … ’
Too late , she had hung up .


Susie took a deep breath .
Forced herself to calm down .
Tried not to feel the sting of anger – and , oh , admit it , hurt – at Doug ’s actions .


‘ You should know him better by now , ’ she muttered .


She had first met Doug about three years ago , not long after she transferred to Edinburgh to take the Detective Sergeant job and , on her part at least , it was hate at first sight .


The trouble had started just after Christmas , and the big story of the day was that an Assistant Chief Superintendent , Paul Redmonds , had been caught with his pants down with a female colleague at an office party .
The story leaked out after a reporter got wind of the fact Redmond had moved out of his family home – after admitting all to his wife and then being kicked out .
The tabloids had a field day : a senior , married officer having a drunken fumble at an office party where those charged with protecting the streets were pissed as farts and acting like horny students ?
Thank you , Santa , we have been good little journalists this year .


Susie kept her head down , but every briefing she went to , every call she took , she felt the snide , sideways glances , the snickers and sneers , the pointing and elbowing .


‘ Look , there ’s the tart that banged Redmonds . ’


‘ Is n’t she the new girl from Stirling ? ’


‘ Yeah , must be desperate to get up the ladder if she ’d fuck that greasy little shit . ’


‘ What a slapper .
Bit of a looker , though .
Think I ’d have a chance ?


What the fuck had she been thinking ?
She ’d gone to the party to try and get her face known , try to make a few friends after the move .
But when everyone started to divide up into their little cliques , she ’d been left on her own , swapping awkward , embarrassed smiles with faces she knew and fending off the drunken dicks who seemed intent on talking to her breasts rather than her face .
So she ’d floated to the bar , where she bumped into Redmonds .
It was a bad combination .
Alcohol plus loneliness plus semi - attractive older man , who was more than a little worse for wear on Christmas cheer himself , equalled trouble .


Before she had known it they were back in her room , pawing at each other on the bed as some bimbo blonde with plastic tits and a frozen smile bounced up and down on the screen in front of them .
Redmonds had ordered the movie ‘ for a laugh ’ , but the real laugh had been when he dropped his boxers .


Merry fucking Christmas , Susie .
Maybe the disappointment had been why she had clawed at his back so hard – leaving the marks that forced his guilty admission to his wife .
It sure as hell was n’t the sex .


Word got round quickly , and she fell victim to typical police humour .
The punning asides , from just - loud - enough comments when she walked into the canteen about ‘ copping a feel ’ and ‘ feeling the full force of the law ’ , to a dose of the morning - after pill left on her desk .
There were the not - so - subtle digs too , mostly from those who knew Redmonds ’ wife , Alicia .
Hard stares in the bathrooms , the haughty sniff when she walked into a room , as if she was carrying a bag full of warm shit with her .


It felt like being back at school , the bullies singling her out again .
Not for being different this time .
Just for being a marriage wrecker .
Not that she felt much guilt over that – the way she saw it , she had saved Redmonds ’ wife from a life of quick , blunt sex with a lying prick who thought he was God ’s gift .
The thought of him touching her , that mewling sound as he came , the jerks of his cock inside her as weak as his technique , made her shudder with disgust .
Maybe they were all right .
If her personal judgement was this bad , what fucking use would she be as a police officer ?


She was ready to hand her notice in , just get it over with , when Redmonds called her .
Apologised for the position he had put her in – _Missionary and doggie , _ she thought , _and you were shit_ – and told her to tough it out .
He had read her file , she was a good officer , had the makings of a fine copper .


He could n’t help her , of course ; after all , how would that look ?
But the focus of the story was on him , not her .
Just keep your head down and it ’ll pass .
After all , the press had nothing to go on to identify her , did they ?
None of those at the Christmas party ( held at a hotel in Glasgow to make sure nobody made a mess at home ) had actual evidence who it was he had been a naughty boy with .
There were rumours , yes , but unity in the ranks against outside prying made sure no names were leaving the station , especially for a reporter .


Unfortunately , Doug proved a little more creative than anyone gave him credit for .
After a few fruitless calls to sources in the police , he had headed for Glasgow and the Hilton Hotel , where the party had been held .
After making one more phone call .


By the time he arrived at the Hilton , the staff had printed off a full list of room numbers , guest names and charges for him .
Why should n’t they ?
After all , as far as they were concerned , Lothian and Borders Police , as it had been at the time , had simply sent one of their accountants to double - check the figures to see what cash they could reclaim from officers and what was a legitimate expense claim .
Good idea , really .


He had phoned Susie about an hour later , and they had agreed to meet in a small , anonymous café near the bottom of Broughton Road .


She sat there , staring out the window , coffee forgotten in front of her .
Felt angry tears for being so fucking stupid trembling behind her eyes , and rage at this little shite who had found out and summoned her for a meeting .


‘ Look , I really think it would be a good idea if we had a chat , ’ he had said on the phone _._ ‘ I know I ca n’t force you , I could run the story as it is , but just listen to me first , okay ? ’


Bastard .
Fucking bastard hack .


‘ Eh , Susie , is it ?
Hi , I ’ m Doug . ’


He was n’t what she was expecting .
With fashionably tousled light brown hair , a face Susie would have called handsome if not for the slightly hawkish nose , and inquisitive green - brown eyes that seemed to be studying and recording everyone around him , Doug McGregor looked more like a student than a reporter .
And she ’d never seen a man look more uncomfortable in a suit in her life .


She reluctantly took his outstretched hand , eager not to make a scene .
He was thin and wiry , but she sensed strength in that handshake .


He smiled at her , revealing a row of white , if slightly crooked , teeth .
‘ Thanks for coming , ’ he said as he slid into the chair opposite her , his accent pure Edinburgh .
‘ I know it must n’t have been the nicest phone call you ’ve had . ’


‘ Look , ’ she hissed , leaning over the table so she was almost nose to nose with him .
‘ Let ’s just cut the shit , okay ?
So you know about me and Paul .
Great , good for you , go write your fucking story .
I do n’t know why you wanted to see me , but if you think I … ’


Doug held up his hand .
‘ I ’ m not going to write the story . ’


‘ Wh … what ? ’
Susie leaned back , not quite believing what she had heard .
‘ Then why … what ? ’


‘ Look , ’ he said , leaning forward himself now as he pushed her cup of coffee aside .
‘ Bottom line ?
This is a shit story .
So you got pissed and went back to your room to enjoy some room service , porn and whatever else you got up to with a senior officer , so what ?
It ’s not exactly world - shattering , is it ? ’


Susie felt her mouth drop open .
‘ How did you know about th … ? ’


‘ Expense records , ’ Doug replied , pushing a ream of papers across the table to her .
‘ I got them from the Hilton .
After that , all I had to do was look for anything unusual when the party was in full swing .
And look what I found . ’
He ran a finger down to a highlighted line on the page .
‘ At 11 : 24pm on the evening of the party when , according to the hotel staff , the party was in full swing , a bottle of champagne , two glasses and a “ movie event ” were charged to your room .
By the way , “ movie event ” is hotel code for porn , so business travellers are n’t embarrassed about their jack - off entertainment showing up on their expenses . ’


Susie felt her face redden as images of that night flashed through her mind .
Pushed down a shudder of regret , collected her thoughts .
Self - pity could come later .
She had a more immediate problem .
‘ How the fuck did you get these ?
How ?
Why … ? ’


‘ Brilliant interview technique , ’ Doug said , smiling slightly .
‘ Straight to the point .
Must be why you ’re in CID . ’


He offered a smile she almost mistook for shyness .
‘ I did a little checking .
You ’ve not long transferred into Lothian and Borders , and I ’ve just landed this crime reporter ’s job .
I figure we could help each other out from time to time . ’


Susie snorted and rocked back in her chair .
‘ Ah , so that ’s it .
You think this gives you something over me , pal ?
That this makes me a “ source ” ? ’


‘ No , ’ Doug said softly , his eyes fixed on hers .
‘ I think this shows you I ’ve got my priorities right .
Man and woman shag while pissed .
Great story .
Sure , it ’ll sell a few papers , but it ’s not worth anything , is it ?
At best , it ’ll fuck up your career .
That what you want ?
I do n’t . ’


He shoved the ream of papers across the table towards her .
‘ I do n’t want to write this up , it ’s red - top shite at best .
So keep all this .
You want to cause trouble for me as I got this under false pretences , go ahead .
I ’ m going to tell my boss I could n’t find out who it was .
Oh , and do n’t worry , none of the other papers will find out , I ’ve already told the Hilton staff to be aware reporters might try to get access to their records to get a story .
Not that anyone else will probably be as brilliant as me . ’
Again that smile , almost shy , but the eyes said he meant it .
Problem was , the arrogant wee shite was right .
It was brilliant .


He stood up to leave .
Susie was more confused than ever .


‘ So why did you want to meet me ? ’ she asked .


‘ To introduce myself , ’ he replied simply .
‘ And to hopefully let you know that all journalists are n’t shit - digging scumbags .
Look ’ , he dropped a business card on the sheaf of expense records he had given her , ‘ here ’s my number .
If you hear something worthwhile that you think warrants attention , or if I can help you get coverage for something , call me .
Who knows , I may call you sometime .
See ya . ’


And that was how it had begun .
Since that first meeting , Susie had come to understand Doug was something of an idealist .
A story - hungry , ruthless idealist , but an idealist nonetheless .
He was n’t interested in gutter press or scandal stories , he wanted to report on the big stories and issues .
To start with , he had been good to his word – only calling her when he needed to , never hanging the Hilton episode over her head to get more details .
If she did n’t tell him , she did n’t tell him .
He could be useful in getting answers to questions and titbits of information from people who would n’t talk to the police .
And , she almost hated to admit , she loved the thrill of it ; throwing him a line that she wanted an answer for , seeing who would get there first .
It was almost like a race between them ; Doug was smart , resourceful , intuitive , all the traits of a good detective – and Susie thrived on the competition .


But , no matter how productive their relationship had become , and how they were increasingly blurring the boundary between contacts and friends , there were still downsides .
Susie took another deep breath , played with the phone in her hand .
Toyed with the idea of phoning him back and giving him another bollocking there and then .
Just the two of them .
Off the record .


But no . No .
She could wait .
And so could he .
Wait and sweat .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Doug had spent the rest of the drive trying to think what he could say to her .
The truth was , he did n’t know what to say .
He did n’t have an excuse for what he had done , other than the story .
Susie was right , he had wanted the scoop , wanted to get to the truth , which had blinded him to the fact that what he was doing was wrong .
He could , of course , blame Greig and Walter for not ordering him to hand the photograph over as soon as they heard about it , but that would be a cop - out .
The decision was his .
True , they had backed it , as eager as he was to get the full story , but at the end of the day …


And just what had he got by keeping Susie in the dark ?
Let ’s see .
He had managed to break an old woman ’s heart , push an old man to the brink of a nervous breakdown and harass a small - town sergeant who had only been doing his job .
And all to prove what he already knew , what the photo already told him .
Great day ’s work , Doug .


Susie shot Doug a cold stare as he took a seat at the conference table in Greig ’s office .
They had been joined by Walter , Andy and a woman in a severe business suit that Doug could only assume was one of the _Tribune_ ’ s lawyers .


‘ As I was saying to DS Drummond , ’ Greig said , ‘ the _Tribune_ has already apologised to the Chief Superintendent for this regrettable mix - up .
I ’ve spoken to him personally , and he agrees that , although what you did was wrong and irresponsible , it is in no one ’s best interests to pursue the matter further at this time . ’


Internally , Doug breathed a sigh of relief .
He wondered how many police - are - great stories Greig had had to promise the Chief to stop him from pressing charges , and how many he would be writing himself .


As if reading his thoughts , Greig turned to glare at Doug .
He looked more like an undertaker than ever .
‘ Do you have anything to add , Douglas ? ’


‘ Yeah . ’
Deep breath , try not to meet Susie ’s gaze .
‘ As I ’ve already said to DS Drummond , I apologise .
However , I think I may have some information that may be useful to her and her investigation . ’


‘ Oh , and what might that be ? ’
Susie asked , her voice as cold as her eyes .


‘ Well , according to Derek McGinty ’s parents , he and Katherine were an item back in the early Nineties , not long before he attacked Bethany Miller . ’


‘ Oh ?
Anything else ? ’
Despite her tone , Doug could tell he had caught Susie ’s interest .


He cleared his throat .
He did n’t like talking to Susie with so many other people around , did n’t like sharing leads with other reporters in the room .
He had asked Andy to contact Buchan as , with his experience , he might be seen as the friendly face of reporting after Doug had splashed his daughter ’s death all over the front page .
From what Susie had said Andy had n’t got anywhere , and now Doug had a rival on the story .


‘ Well , according to a source of mine , fingerprints matching Derek McGinty ’s put him at a crime scene discovered near here this morning .
That being the case , there ’s a good chance he was in Edinburgh recently , meaning … ’


‘ Meaning he could have killed Katherine , ’ Susie muttered .
She was onto something , Doug was sure of it .
He could tell by the tense way she sat , the gentle chewing on her bottom lip .
But what … ?


‘ Mr Greig , ’ she said in her most businesslike tone , ‘ now that we ’ve got all this sorted out , I wonder if I might have a moment alone with Mr McGregor ?
I need to go over any details he can remember of the phone call he received and the envelope ’s arrival .
Unless , of course ’ , she fixed Doug with a withering glance , ‘ you ’d prefer to give me a statement at the station ? ’


‘ Oh no , ’ Doug said , rocking back in his seat .
‘ Here ’s fine , if that ’s okay with you , Jonathan ? ’


‘ That ’s fine , Doug .
Gentlemen , Ms Ackers … ? ’
They rose to leave and were heading for the door when the woman in the business suit turned back .
‘ Would you like me to stay for this , Mr McGregor ? ’
Lawyer , definitely .


‘ Nope , I ’ll be fine , ’ Doug said with more confidence than he felt .
‘ On you go . ’


She nodded and closed the door behind her , leaving Doug and Susie alone .


‘ Look , ’ Doug said after a silence just long enough to make it clear Susie was going to make him speak first .
‘ I ’ m sorry , okay , I just thought … ’


‘ No , Doug , you did n’t think , ’ she said .
‘ Do you realise what an idiot you made me look ?
Not only did I have to deal with Burns screaming down the phone at me , but I also had to listen like a complete idiot while Richard fucking Buchan told me there had been a major development in the case , which he had just heard about from a bloody reporter ! ’


‘ Buchan ?
What were you with Buchan for ? ’


‘ Do n’t push it , Doug , ’ Susie said , raising a warning finger .
‘ Just do n’t .
It does n’t matter why I was there . ’


‘ Oh , but it does .
You ’ve found something , have n’t you ?
Something you think ties McGinty to being at the Scott Monument when Katherine fell .
Come on , Susie , talk to me .
After all , who knows McGinty better than I do ? ’


Susie ’s face hardened .
Damn it , he was right .
He had studied the McGinty file in fine detail – almost obsessively – and some of his guesses about the guy had been spookily accurate .
Part of her wanted to tell him , to get his opinion , but there was another part of her that was still furious with him for what he had done .
And hurt .


She shook her head . No . ‘ Look , from what you ’ve said , there ’s a good chance that McGinty was at the Monument .
More than that I ’ m not prepared to say , okay ? ’


Doug nodded , held out his hand and slapped his wrist .
‘ Hokay , ’ he said , flashing his best aw - shucks smile .
‘ I deserve that , I ’ve been a bad boy .
Seriously , Susie , I am sorry .
I wo n’t do it again , okay ?
I just got caught up in the moment .
But I promise , the next time I get an anonymous note , you ’ll be the first person I call .
And I ’ll get you that info on Altered Perspective tonight . ’


Susie held up her hand .
‘ All right , all right , ’ she sighed , suddenly tired .
‘ Come on , I ’ve got to go and face Burns , try to cool him down .
He ’ll be raging now that the Chief Superintendent has saved your arse . ’


‘ So , what am I going to do about that ? ’


‘ Nothing , ’ Susie said .
‘ But the least you can do is walk me to my car . ’


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Doug made a show of opening the car ’s door for her when she released the central locking .


‘ Stop it , ’ she said .
Doug hoped he was n’t imagining the smile he heard in her voice .
‘ I hate it when men get pathetic . ’


He smiled sheepishly .
He felt pretty pathetic .
‘ So , how do you feel when men offer to buy you a drink to say sorry ? ’


Susie laughed .
‘ Well , ’ she said , ‘ I feel kind of … ’


Her phone rang , cutting her off mid - sentence .
‘ Hello , DS Drummond speaking . ’


She listened for a moment , clamping the phone tighter to her ear .
Her mouth drew in , turning into a thin , bloodless line across her face .
‘ Hmm , yes , ’ she said .
‘ Uh , uhh …
Jesus . ’
She reached up and massaged the bridge of her nose .
‘ Yes , sir , I understand .
I ’ m on my way . ’
Then she cut the line .


Doug gave her a quizzical glance .
‘ Not good news , I take it ? ’


Susie shook her head and looked at him , torn .
Tell him or not ?
He would find out soon enough , the press office would have to put a release out ASAP , but still …


Still …


‘ C’ mon , Susie , no more secrets .
Promise .
Whassup ? ’


Ah , the hell with it .


‘ That was Burns , ’ she said .
‘ There was a report of an alarm going off at a gallery in the Old Town about an hour ago .
Uniformed officers went to take a look , found the back door of the premises had been smashed .
When they went inside they found a pool of blood and a woman , badly mutilated in the gallery . ’


‘ Wait a minute .
Old Town gallery ?
Woman … ’
Doug ’s voice trailed off as his eyes widened .


‘ Yeah , Doug , ’ Susie said as she started the car .
‘ Lizzie Renwick ’s been murdered .
‘ Looks like she was stabbed . ’


Doug could n’t believe what he was hearing .
‘ How do you know … ? ’


‘ Because Burns just told me the murder weapon is still sticking out of her .
Whoever did this , they left a little calling card .
Doug , that research you promised me … ? ’


Doug nodded .
It felt as though someone had stuffed his head with cotton wool .
‘ I ’ll get right on it , ’ he mumbled .


Susie nodded , slammed her door and drove away , leaving Doug standing in the car park .


* Chapter 28 Chapter 28 { { { 1 # 28


The whisky was acid in his throat , poison in his stomach .
His eyes , already raw from the lack of sleep , stung as though he were peering through smoke .
Above , the floorboards creaked gently as Linda shuffled endlessly between her room and the room that had been Katherine ’s so many years ago .
He strained his ears , waiting for the next inevitable choked sob .
Felt empty when he heard it .


Richard Buchan threw back the last of his drink , felt some of it dribble down his cheek .
Wiped at his face with a hand that was n’t quite steady , stood up and headed for the decanter in the cabinet .
Tore off the stopper , barely fought back the urge to throw the fucking thing against the wall .


He sloshed another whisky into his glass , raised it to his lips .
Stopped .


‘ Control , Richard , ’ he whispered , his voice sounding dead in the quiet of the lounge .
‘ Control . ’


Ah , but it was tempting though .
And who would blame him ?
After all , he had reason .
His dead daughter now linked to a rapist , his wife a basket case , his career brought to a shuddering halt by a fucking poof who thought he could tell him – _him_ – what he was going to do next .


Buchan had got the gossip from his few loyal friends in the parliamentary party , and word was that Hal Damon had been brought in from London by the main party .
He was , they said , very sharp , very professional .
Knew what he wanted and how to get it .
And had Jonathan slobbering after him like a lovesick puppy , by all accounts .


It had n’t been a surprise when Damon had demanded a meeting , especially after the call from the _Tribune_ linking Katherine to that rapist , McGinty .


What was a surprise was how much he had managed to find out .
And how easily .


Buchan had ushered him into the room he now stood in , took a moment to study Damon as he settled back into his seat and waved off the platitudes of sympathy .


A tall man , the broad shoulders and flared back of someone who was a regular at the gym .
A face that was too angular to be handsome , smooth pale skin pulled tight over high cheekbones .
Close - cropped hair just starting to go grey at the temples , trendy heavy - framed glasses perched on top of a nose that looked as though it had been broken at least once .


He wore his expensive suit with an ease that made Buchan ’s teeth ache , stood at the window and looked out at the view as though he owned the fucking place .


And worse than all that , he made Buchan speak first .


‘ Well ? ’ he snapped .
‘ You asked to see me .
I take it this is about that crap the _Tribune_ is peddling about Katherine ’s links to Derek McGinty ? ’


Damon turned away from the window , a small smile twitching at the corners of his mouth .


‘ Partially , yes , ’ he said with an accent that reminded Buchan of the Lake District .
‘ However , I ’d like to focus on what happens next . ’


‘ What do you mean ?
These rumours are exactly that , tabloid bullshit whipped up to get headlines .
Oh , I could sue the papers , but what ’s the point ?
I know that … ’


‘ That ’s not what I meant , ’ Damon cut in .
‘ What I meant is , what happens for you . ’


‘ What ?
I … ’


‘ Let me be blunt , Mr Buchan .
Whether or not your daughter knew this man is n’t an issue .
But the fact the press are looking into it so closely , is .
And if they found this out , what else are they going to find ? ’


Buchan felt a stab of panic , forced his face to remain impassive .
_Control , Richard .
Control . _


‘ I ’ m sure I do n’t know what … ’


Damon held up a hand .
‘ Please , Mr Buchan .
It took me a couple of hours to find out about the favour you pulled in from the then Chief Constable after your little car problem .
You ’ve done a good job keeping it quiet so far , but if the press keep looking at you , how long will it take them to find out what I have ? ’


Buchan felt as though the air was being sucked out of the room .
_How had he … ? _


‘ With your sentencing Bill in parliament , the party can not afford a scandal like this , especially after the cash - for - cooking affair .
Can you imagine the headlines ?
“ _Justice MSP in hit - and - run cover - up_ ” ? ’
He shook his head .
‘ No .
I ’ve discussed it with the parliamentary party and the Whip ’s office and we agree that the best thing would be for you to take a leave of absence . ’


Damon held out a sheet of paper .
‘ I ’ve drafted a statement .
We can release it today . ’


Buchan snatched the paper from Damon .
Skimmed over it , cold rage scalding the pit of his stomach as the terror receded and the air seeped back into the room .


‘ And just who the hell are you ’ , he whispered slowly as he tossed the paper aside , ‘ to tell me to stand aside ? ’


‘ I ’ m the man hired by your party to make sure this does n’t turn into a clusterfuck in the press , Mr Buchan .
You have my sympathies for the loss of your daughter , you sincerely do , but my job is with your party , not you .
So I am telling you , you will take a leave of absence while this blows over .
I ’ve already spoken to your friend the Chief , and he agrees that a swift end to the investigation into your daughter ’s suicide would be best to spare you and your wife further pain . ’


‘ Pain ? ’
Buchan sneered .
‘ What do you think you know about that ? ’


‘ Nothing , Mr Buchan , ’ Hal replied , adjusting his glasses .
‘ My husband and I just became parents for the first time .
A daughter .
And I ca n’t imagine what you must be going through .
But I _can_ imagine the field day the press will have if they find out about your hit - and - run .
Do you really want to put your wife – yourself – through that as well ? ’


Buchan shook his head .
He could n’t think straight .
He needed this man out of here .
Now .


So he played the role , slumped his shoulders , murmured what the prick wanted to hear about it being a relief , really .
_After all , Linda has n’t been bearing up well and , to be honest , Mr Damon , neither have I._


He finally managed to get him to leave after promising to review the statement and get back to him .


Buchan shook himself from his thoughts .
Walked back from the cabinet , poured the whisky into the bin beside the sofa – and onto the shredded remnants of Damon ’s statement .


‘ “ My husband and I , ” ’ he murmured with a shake of the head .
‘ Jesus Christ . ’


He walked to the window , stared out at the night .


Damon had been right about one thing , the press would be looking closely .


But Buchan prided himself on being a cautious man .


And a prepared one .


* Chapter 29 Chapter 29 { { { 1 # 29


She had never seen the aftermath of an earthquake for herself before , but if asked to describe it , Susie would have said it looked like the scene before her at the Altered Perspective gallery that night .


The sculptures and glasswork , so delicately arranged only hours before , were strewn across the floor , shattered like chunks of rubble from a demolished building .
The coloured shards of glass glinted , reflecting the streetlights outside – pathetic remnants of the beautiful objects they had once been .
Susie felt heat rise between her eyes at the thought .
She was n’t sure why .
Photographs and prints had been ripped from the walls – some canvases now lay at odd angles on the floor , frames splintered and broken , while others had been angrily slashed and reduced to streamers .


And then there was the blood .
It glistened in the middle of the gallery floor in a dark , oily pool .
Susie tried to tell herself that ’s all it was , oil .
Tried to ignore the cloying , bitter smell .
She felt the urge to vomit , clenched her jaw against it .
She could deal with that later .
Right now , she had a job to do .


A trail led off from the puddle , twisting a staggered , smeared path towards the back of the gallery .
Scene of crime officers flitted around , taking photographs or bending to take a sample of this or that as Burns led Susie through the gallery to the back office .


Lizzie Renwick lay slumped at the foot of her desk at the end of the blood trail , arms and legs spread out as though she were a doll thrown away by a careless child .
Susie had seen bodies before , of course , but just hours ago she ’d had coffee with this woman , bullied and intimidated her to get the answers she wanted .
Now she was just another victim of violent crime .
Just another statistic to be filed away and forgotten .


From near Lizzie ’s left shoulder a pair of scissors protruded at an obscene angle , framed by a stain of dark blood .
Susie felt her gorge rise as she realised the blood was almost the same colour as Lizzie ’s hair .
She overcame a physical urge to touch her .
To help .
But the police officer in her told her to get a grip .
What was wrong with her ?
Lizzie was quite clearly beyond help .


The office itself was a disaster area .
Papers were scattered across the floor , drawers had been pulled from tables and smashed , the two desks upturned .
Susie noticed the high stools she and Lizzie had been sitting on earlier in the day lying in the corner , overturned like wounded animals .


‘ Whatever happened , it looks like she was trying to get to the phone and call for help , ’ Burns said , jutting his chins towards the trail of blood .
He turned towards Dr Williams , the tall , almost gangling coroner who was crouched over Lizzie ’s body .


‘ Any idea of a time of death , Stephen ? ’


Williams sighed as he got up .
He was in his late fifties and had been dealing with police officers for a long time .
They never learned .
‘ You know better than to ask that , Jason , ’ he replied .
‘ I ca n’t be exact until I can run more tests . ’


‘ I ’ m not looking for exact , ’ Burns said , trying and failing to keep the note of impatience out of his voice .
‘ Your best guess will do for now . ’


Williams sighed , pulled off the rubber gloves he was wearing with a theatrical flourish before running a hand through his iron - grey beard .
‘ Well , this is only a guess … ’
He fixed Burns with a hard stare to made sure he understood .
Burns nodded slightly .
‘ However , it appears you got lucky .
You say that officers found her about an hour ago ? ’ ’


Burns grunted something that could have been mistaken for a yes .


‘ Hmm .
Well , she has n’t been dead for much longer than a couple of hours at most , ’ Williams said , turning back to the body .


Susie ’s throat went dry .
If she had only come to the gallery to see Lizzie later in the day …


‘ Jesus , ’ Burns whispered .
If those bloody uniforms had just got to the alarm sooner .
Williams seemed to read his thought , held up a hand , shook his head slowly .
‘ She was dead the moment she was stabbed , ’ he said .


‘ Why ’s that ? ’
Susie asked , dragging her eyes away from the wound .
Her lips felt numb .


Williams pointed to the ceiling , where there was a dark splatter of blood .
‘ You see that , that ’s arterial blood , ’ he said .
‘ Same as what ’s around her chest and the wound itself .
That ’s why it ’s so dark .
When she was stabbed ’ , he brought his arm down in a stabbing motion to illustrate , ‘ I ’ m guessing the scissors ’ blades hit her subclavian artery . ’


He was pointing to an area just below his collarbone now .
‘ It ’s the artery that supplies blood from the heart to the arm .
It would have been like puncturing a high - pressure hose , the blood would have sprayed everywhere , including the ceiling .
She bled to death .
Unless you had a surgical team on the spot , she was as good as dead the moment the artery was compromised . ’


Susie thought for a moment , wished she could sit down .
A picture she did n’t want to see was forming in her head .
‘ Hold on , you ’re saying she died here , at the desk ? ’


Williams nodded .


‘ Then what about all the blood in the gallery ?
What about the trail leading … ? ’
Her voice trailed off as the picture developed fully .
The urge to vomit was back now , stronger than ever , a bitter taste rising to the back of her throat .
She did n’t think she could hold it for much longer .


‘ You ’re telling me that someone beat the shit out of her through there , let her crawl all the way here , then stabbed her again ? ’


‘ I ’ m not guessing anything about what happened her , ’ Williams said .
‘ That ’s your job .
But , for what it ’s worth , the facts – and the other wounds on the body – seem to support that theory . ’


‘ Other wounds ? ’
Burns asked .


‘ Yes .
It ’s hard to tell until I can get her cleaned up and have a proper look , but it seems there are extensive cuts and stab wounds around the body .
The hands , legs , torso and so on . ’


‘ Any of them life - threatening ? ’
Susie asked .
She did n’t like how her voice sounded .


‘ Again , I ca n’t say with any certainty , but I would n’t think so .
They look like fairly minor injuries on their own .
I ’d guess some of them are defence wounds .
Of course ’ , he cast an eye over the ruined gallery , ‘ any injury , no matter how minor , can be potentially fatal , depending on the victim . ’


‘ No , ’ Susie said looking around the office .
The ruined desks , the papers lying across the floor , the smashed drawers , the Edinburgh University mug broken on its side .
Her jaw was so tight it ached .
She felt her legs begin to tingle , jerk with the need to move .
To run .
‘ They were n’t meant to kill . ’


Saw Burns give her a questioning glance , ignored it .


‘ Look around , ’ she said , hoping she sounded more professional than she felt .
‘ Whoever did this , they were looking for something .
Beat Lizzie up to persuade her to give them answers , tell them where to find what they were looking for . ’


‘ And when she did n’t … ’
Burns nodded slowly .
He could see where she was going .


‘ Does n’t matter , ’ Susie said .
‘ Whether Lizzie gave him or her what they wanted is immaterial .
Maybe she did , maybe she did n’t .
But either way , she was left to crawl through here , try to get help and then whoever it was came back to finish her off . ’


‘ So , she was … ? ’


Susie nodded .
The world was beginning to swim .
She had to get out of here .
Away from the smell of the blood , away from the ruined body that lay in front of her .


‘ Yes , sir .
Lizzie was tortured before she was murdered . ’


* Chapter 30 Chapter 30 { { { 1 # 30


Doug hit the log - off icon on his computer and leaned back in his chair , trying to stretch the stiffness out of his back .
Enough .
He wondered what Susie had found at the gallery , fought the urge to call her and see .
He could say he was only calling to let her know what he had found out about the gallery , but knew she would see that for the lie it was .
In the car park , it had felt as though her anger was starting to fade .
If he called now , they would both know it was to check if she had thawed any more .


Instead , he settled for printing out his research on the gallery and stuffing it into an envelope .
He would drop it into Gayfield station on the way home so she could have it in the morning , for what it was worth .


Doug was n’t sure how much help what he had found would be .
After an hour or so digging around the _Tribune_ ’ s library , all he had to show for his troubles were three pieces connected to Altered Perspective .


The first piece , the oldest , was a picture story from the opening of the gallery .
It was taken back in 1993 for a columnist ’s diary piece that was supposed to be a round - up of what was happening in Edinburgh ’s society circles .
Back then , Richard Buchan had only been a QC – although , from what Andy had said , he was already making his voice heard in Tory circles and was said to be a key supporter of the MP Edmund Harrison .
The piece ran under the headline ‘ _Straight from the art_ ’ .
Doug wondered if the sub who had written it had been taken out and shot for crimes against cliché .
They deserved to be .


Under the headline was a picture of Richard Buchan smiling for the camera , a protective arm thrown around Katherine .
She looked so different from the way she had in the photograph with McGinty .
Her hair was scraped back in a painful - looking bun , her smile nervous and self - conscious .
What was it Susie had told him Buchan had said about his daughter ?
Katherine found people ‘ tiring ’ , that was it .
In the picture , she looked exhausted .


The copy itself was only three paragraphs long :


_Great day for a show .
Pop down to the Old Town and you may find something that will alter you perspective as Katherine Buchan , daughter of QC and Tory VIP has opened her new gallery . _


_Katherine , seen here with her dad at the official opening , says : ‘ I ’ve always loved modern art , and when the chance of the shop came up , I knew I had to do it .
It ’s a great investment for the future , and , hopefully , I can help people see things the way I do . ’ _


_Dad Richard , who despite his political shortcomings remains a loyal Hibee , adds : ‘ I ’ m just happy to help Katherine do something she loves . ’ _


* * *


Short and sweet , Doug thought , but hardly enlightening .
From what he could read between the lines , daddy dearest had bankrolled the project .
Interesting , considering Susie had said she got the impression he did n’t approve of his daughter ’s artistic leanings .
He must n’t have been that opposed , though .
Katherine would have been about twenty in 1992 , very young to be set up in business unless her dad had faith in her .


The other two pieces Doug had found in the library were even sketchier than the diary piece .
They detailed an exhibition held to commemorate the opening of the Scottish Parliament – there was a picture of the building draped in Saltires with a huge replica of the Stone of Scone taking pride of place in the centre of the gallery , surrounded by artworks and photographs representing key events in Scotland ’s history .
The last piece was a review from the Edinburgh Festival a couple of years ago ; the gallery was only mentioned in passing as it was being used as a venue for art works and poetry readings that year .


Doug ’s research on Mullard had n’t been any more productive .
As Lizzie had said , Eric Mullard was a photographer , known for his nude and abstract work .
A show he put on in London a few years ago had caused a bit of a stir , being branded pornographic and exploitative by some of the more prudish and conservative commentators of the day .
Apart from that one piece of information , nothing .
He was a respected photographer known to support small , independent galleries by using them to showcase his work .


Doug packed everything he had found into an envelope , sealed it and wrote Susie ’s name on the front .


The drive to Gayfield Square only took fifteen minutes .
On a whim , he asked the desk sergeant if Susie was around , wondering if she had finished at the gallery yet , but was told that she was n’t available .
Doug shrugged , handed over the envelope and left .


Home was a small two - bedroomed flat in an old - style tenement block behind Musselburgh ’s main street .
When he arrived , Doug went through his nightly ritual ; drove up and down the car - clogged street looking for a space , found one and managed to squeeze the car into it .
He really would have to see about getting a lock - up somewhere , or at least a permit parking space .
Another job for another day .
He sighed as he killed the engine , closing his eyes .
The flat was on the top floor .
It was only three flights up , but it felt like it was going to be a long climb tonight .


He got out of the car , walked away , then remembered he had n’t locked it , started to turn to use the remote . . . and was driven forward as he was body - charged and slammed back into the car .


‘ Ah , FUCK ! ’
Doug cried as he thrashed against whoever it was pinning him against the car .
No good .
Whoever had him was strong .
He was held tight .


‘ Shut it , ’ a voice growled .
Pain exploded as a hard jab was driven into Doug ’s side .
He felt knuckle - dusters bite into his kidneys .
The breath was knocked out of him as his knees gave way .
He was saved from collapsing when a handful of his hair was grabbed and he was yanked back to his feet .
Doug yelped and tried to get away , vision blurring with tears as the pain in his side and head competed for attention .


‘ Now listen , you little cunt . ’
The voice was closer now , sour breath tickling Doug ’s ear .
‘ You ’ve been asking some awkward questions about Derek McGinty .
Some people are n’t too happy about that .
It ’s going to stop , now .
Understood ? ’


Doug lashed out as best he could , trying to push away from the car and get some leverage .
He was rewarded with another punch to the kidneys .
He stopped struggling .
It felt as though someone was stubbing out matches on his side .
He wanted to be sick .


‘ Do n’t be a fucking hero , son , ’ the voice snarled .
‘ This is your only warning .
Next time , I fucking gut you , understood ? ’
Doug jumped as a knife was driven into the roof of his car as though it were a tin can .
‘ The questions stop , now .
Right ? ’


Doug was too terrified to speak .
He nodded feebly , the fight in him gone .
He could n’t take his eyes off the blade .


‘ Good boy , ’ the voice whispered .
The grip on Doug ’s hair tightened suddenly then his head was pulled back and smashed down on to the roof of the car .
He slid backwards , blood gushing from his nose , and crumpled to the ground .
Dimly , he heard soft footsteps running back up the street .
He tried to roll over , get a look at his attacker , but it was no good , he could n’t make his eyes focus through the tears and pain .


Shaking , sobbing , gulping in huge , panicked breaths , he got to his feet and staggered for the door to his tenement .
Halfway up the stairs he doubled over and vomited , agony stabbing into his side where he had been punched as his body was wracked with retching .
He felt the world start to spin around him , closed his eyes and leant against the wall until the feeling passed .


Finally he made it to the flat , fumbled his keys into the locks and got the door open .
Staggered inside and took his time relocking the door , making sure it was shut tight .
He did n’t want another visit .


In the bathroom , he bundled wads of toilet paper into his hand and pressed them to his nose .
Blood had soaked down his chin and shirt .
He stripped off the shirt and turned ; angry red welts were on his side where he had been punched .
He thought of the knife , the sound it made as it was driven into the roof of the car .
He closed his eyes .
Jesus .
What if that had been him instead of the car ?


He staggered into the living room and collapsed on the couch , throwing an arm over his face as he fought fresh tears .
Whether he was crying from fear , anger or relief just to be alive , he could n’t tell .
He knew he should phone Susie , the police , someone , to tell them what had happened .


But no . No . Cops would mean statements , would mean questions .


_You ’ve been asking some awkward questions about Derek McGinty .
Some people are n’t too happy about that .
It ’s going to stop , now .
Understood ? _


Doug understood alright .
But he was n’t going to let it stop him .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Charlie snatched up the phone on its third ring .
It was raining again , but he was n’t enjoying the view as much as he had the other night .


‘ Yeah ? ’


‘ Well , did you get it ? ’
The voice was sharp , impatient .
There was a tone there Charlie did n’t like .


‘ Do n’t worry , ’ he sighed , trying to move his jaw as little as possible as he spoke .
‘ I got it , your money has been well spent . ’


‘ Good , good .
Have you found him yet ? ’


‘ What the fuck do you think I am , magic ?
He ’s got my fucking car , he could be anywhere by now . ’


‘ That ’s not good enough ! ’ the voice snapped .
To Charlie , it sounded like an eight - year - old having a tantrum .
‘ You told me you could find him and deal with him . ’


‘ Calm it , ’ Charlie whispered , head beginning to throb .
He wished he could fire a bullet down the phone line .
It would make life a lot simpler .
‘ I said I have n’t found him , and I do n’t know where he is .
But I do know where he ’ll be . ’


Brittle hope in the voice now .
‘ Oh , and where ’s that ? ’


‘ Wherever you are , of course . ’


‘ Wh … what ? ’ the voice spluttered , spiking with panic .
Charlie smiled .
‘ Wh … what do you mean ? ’


‘ Think about it , ’ Charlie replied as mildly as he could , straining to keep calm .
He needed a drink .
No , fuck that , he needed a dentist .
‘ After everything that ’s happened , you think he does n’t know it was you that put me onto him ?
He ’s got scores to settle , and I guarantee you he wo n’t forget . ’


‘ Then you must … you ca n’t … ’


‘ Do n’t worry , ’ Charlie interrupted .
‘ I know what to do .
If he ’s following you , he ’s not concentrating on me , right ? ’


‘ Bu … but what if he sees you ? ’


‘ Do n’t worry , ’ Charlie said , eyes straying to the gun on the table in front of him .
‘ He wo n’t see a thing . ’


* Chapter 31 Chapter 31 { { { 1 # 31


By 6.30am the next morning , Doug was back at his desk .
After he had managed to stop his nosebleed and the sobbing , he had spent most of the night lying awake , staring at the ceiling , ears straining for the slightest noise indicating that his visitor outside had decided to skip the warning and go straight for the gutting after all .


Five minutes after getting into bed , he had padded through to the kitchen , pulled the largest knife he could find from the drawer and slipped it under the bed , within hand ’s reach .
Having it there helped him settle .
But not much .


As he lay there , chewing on paracetamol to dull the throbbing in his side , he tried to make sense of everything that had happened .
He thought about Sam McGinty as he forced him out of the door , face a sneer of hate .
Remembered his warning : _I see you again , I ’ll kill you . _
Could it have been Sam who attacked him last night ?
Doug did n’t think so .
Oh , Sam had the rage for such an attack , but after his warning yesterday , Doug knew he would n’t have been satisfied with just leaving a couple of bruises .


His mind jumped from question to question like an old record butchered by a dull stylus .
What the hell was going on ?


He tried to add up everything he knew , testing out different variations to see what he was missing .
There was still something nagging at the back of his mind – the way the name of an album or film star leaps into the shadows the moment someone asks you for it – but he could n’t place it .
He tried to forget about it , concentrate instead on what he knew .
Giving up on the pretence of sleep , he padded through to the living room , knife in hand , and sat down with a notepad , writing down what he knew as a timeline .


Katherine Buchan had fallen to her death from the Scott Monument .
Shortly afterward , he got a call telling him it was no accident , that McGinty had killed her .
Then came the photo proving that the two knew each other .
Who had made that call , sent that photograph ?
Doug circled the question , moved on .


And then there were the fingerprints found on the stolen car in Prestonview that proved McGinty was still in the area .
Doug was also sure Susie knew something else , something she was n’t telling him , some thread she seemed to think tied McGinty to seeing Katherine the day she died .
What was it ?
Another question , another angry circle .
And now Lizzie Renwick was dead .
Who would kill her – and why ?


He stared at the pad , eyes flitting from note to note , trying to make his random jottings coalesce into a picture that made sense .
After half an hour he gave up , went back to bed , checking the door again on the way .


Doug slept fitfully , waking suddenly with the terrifying certainty that someone was in the room with him every time he teetered on the edge of deep sleep .
Finally , after starting awake for what felt like the hundredth time at 5am , he got up .


He did n’t look as bad in the mirror as he thought he would .
Dried blood was caked around his nostrils and his nose was swollen with an angry bruise that stretched under his eyes .
Running a finger up the bridge of his nose hurt , but it did n’t feel broken .


His side was worse .
The bruises where he had been punched had spread overnight like malignant stains , while twisting his torso caused a gnawing pain to crawl up his side and across his back .
When he went to the toilet , he was sure he was going to see blood in his urine but there was none , just a dull ache as though he had had too much to drink the night before .


He took a long shower , had three cups of strong coffee and left , dumping a plastic bag containing his blood - soaked shirt and tie into the communal bin as he went .


If his injuries were n’t as bad as he thought , the car ’s were worse .
He shuddered as he ran a finger along the gash the knife had gouged into the roof .
It was only about an inch long , but it had gone clean through , leaving a ragged hole where the knife had been rocked left to right to free it again .
Dimly , he wondered how he was going to explain that one to the insurance .
He took a rag from the boot and plugged the hole as best he could before heading for the office .


He got to his desk without too many curious glances , keeping his head down as much as possible so , he hoped , the bruises were merely shadows .
When he logged in he checked his e - mails , unsurprised to find a release from the police press office about Lizzie Renwick ’s death last night .


The release followed the standard , first - release format ; give the bare facts and follow up with comment and pertinent details later .
It stated that a thirty - nine - year - old woman had been found dead at a business premises in the Old Town area of Edinburgh at approximately 9.30pm the previous evening .
Her death was , at the moment , being treated as ‘ suspicious ’ .


Doug thought back to what Susie said about the stabbing .
Damn right it was suspicious .
He glanced across to the time the e - mail was sent ; just after midnight .
Susie , no doubt , making sure the story got out quickly and that Doug did n’t have the chance to get the drop on her again .
He smiled slightly .
Touché .


He skimmed over the rest of the releases and mails he had been sent , flagging up the ones he thought might make stories for the first edition and sending lines on them over to Walter .
Spotted one from the Tories , stating that Buchan was taking a leave of absence .
No surprise , but he made a note to add it as a line to any future stories he did on Katherine .


Then , noticing that more people were starting to filter in , he ambled across to the picture desk .


‘ Mornin ’ , Terry . ’


‘ Good morning , Douglas , ’ Terry replied , eyes fixing briefly on Doug ’s bruises and then moving on .
None of his business .
‘ And how did I know I was going to be seeing you so early today ? ’


Doug shrugged his shoulders .
‘ You managed to get anything ? ’


‘ Well , yes and no , ’ Terry said , patting his hair down over his bald patch .
‘ We ’ve managed to clean up the picture a bit , make out some of the faces behind McGinty and that young woman … ’


‘ Katherine , ’ Doug prompted gently .


‘ Ah yes , Katherine .
However , I ca n’t get that building it the background to sharpen up much .
The photo must have been taken from a fixed lens , so it only focused on the forefront of the frame . ’


Doug sighed , disappointed .
It had been a long shot , anyway .
‘ Ah well , thanks anyway , Terry . ’


‘ Ah , ’ Terry said , a smile Doug took as smug spreading across his face .
‘ So you wo n’t want to hear the good part , then ? ’


Doug straightened up , felt excitement tingle at the nape of his neck .
‘ Good part ?
What good part ? ’


‘ Well , I said we had managed to sharpen up the faces of the other people in the photograph .
When we did , I recognised one of the people . ’


Doug fought back the impulse to give Terry a hug .
‘ Oh , ’ he said , trying to keep his voice level .
‘ And who might that have been , Terry ? ’


Terry punched up the scan of the photograph he had taken , then hit another button and the enhanced version filled the screen .
Doug had to admit , it was good work – the back row of the picture , which Doug had n’t paid much attention to when he ’d first seen it , was now made up of clearly defined people rather than amorphous blobs of colour .


‘ There . ’
Terry pointed to a thin , pale - looking woman with long , jet - back hair and half - moon glasses similar to his own .
‘ Ann Bryant . ’ he said , nodding his head .


‘ Ann Bryant , ’ Doug said .
The name rang a bell .
‘ Where do you know her from ? ’


‘ Niddrie , ’ Terry replied .
‘ She ’s a social worker at a community project in Niddrie .
I took a photograph of her place about three years ago , when they were having a funding drive .
Want to see it ? ’


He did .


* Chapter 32 Chapter 32 { { { 1 # 32


Susie usually liked the early - morning CID meetings at Gayfield .
They gave her a chance to wake up slowly , getting her first fix of caffeine for the day as she soaked in the latest developments of the case as Burns droned on at the front of the room .
He had a habit of scrawling bulletpoints of the big developments across a whiteboard in a garish green pen .
Some of the officers had started to call them Burn marks .


But not this morning .
She had arrived about half an hour ago , feeling brittle and drained after a night of broken sleep filled with dreams of Lizzie Renwick and blood , only to be told by Burns that she was going to have to stand up and bring everyone up to date on the latest developments in the case .


Not normal procedure , but she got the feeling that Burns saw it as some kind of punishment for her .
The Chief Superintendent may have been ready to forgive Doug and the _Tribune_ for not letting on about the photograph straightaway , but Burns was n’t .
What panicked Susie was why he was picking on her ?


She got through the briefing as best she could , filling everyone in about the photograph , the way Buchan had reacted and , of course , Lizzie Renwick ’s murder .
Dr Williams , despite his protests , had carried out the post - mortem examination last night .
As he suspected , the cause of death was determined to be the stab wound that had punctured her subclavian artery .
She had bled to death .
He also found the superficial wounds had n’t been made with the scissors ; there had been a single - bladed weapon of some kind used , about six inches long , he guessed from the wounds .


And sharp , very sharp .
There were other cuts on her face and chest , and her cheekbone had been fractured .
Whoever had killed Lizzie had made sure she suffered first .


After her briefing , Burns took over , leaving Susie standing at the front of the room just long enough to make her squirm .
She felt like the class idiot forced to stand up and explain why she had been talking at the same time as the teacher .
He assigned workloads to the other detectives and then sent them on their way .
Susie was drifting back to her desk when Burns called her into his office .


Oh shit .
He knew .
He _knew . _


He motioned for her to take a seat as he slurped on his coffee .
Fixed her with a cool , appraising stare .
Susie tried not to look away .


‘ Good work with the briefing , ’ he said finally , rocking back in his chair , folding his hands over his gut .


Susie blinked .
Not what she had been expecting .
‘ Thank you , sir . ’


Burns grumbled , leaning forward .
‘ Look , I know you must have felt like a spare prick yesterday when Buchan got that call , but I want you to have another crack at him and his wife .
This photo proves his daughter knew McGinty , I need you to find out what they knew . ’


Susie thought back to Buchan ’s reaction .
She did n’t think it was going to be easy .


Burns seemed to read her thoughts .
‘ Take the photograph with you , ’ he said .
‘ He ’ll find it more difficult to ignore the facts with that in front of him .


‘ Oh , and drop by the lock - up on the way , will you ?
Williams said he would have the blood work on Renwick ready for us this morning .
You might as well get them on the way . ’


Susie nodded , got up and made for the door .


‘ Oh , and one more thing , Drummond , ’ Burns called as she rested her hand on the door handle .


‘ Yes , sir ? ’


‘ If you find anything interesting , I want to hear about it first , not read about it in the _Tribune_ .
Understood ? ’


‘ Perfectly , sir , ’ Susie said as neutrally as she could .


Burns nodded and made a show of studying a bundle of reports in front of him .
Warning delivered .


* Chapter 33 Chapter 33 { { { 1 # 33


First edition dragged passed like a slow torture for Doug .
He wrote the stories he was asked to , including Lizzie Renwick ’s death , as quickly as he could , wanting them to be done , wanting to be able to leave his desk and get out of the office .


Usually , Doug loved working on edition .
With only an hour to fill four live pages along with any small stories for slots elsewhere in the paper and a round - up of world news , he relished the challenge .
On edition , there was no ‘ I ’ll chase that up later ’ .
There was n’t time .
Sometimes , he had less than ten minutes to research and write a five - hundred - word lead , a task not made easier by the fact that 7am was n’t always the best time of day to get people to talk to him .


But he loved the stress , the feeling of uncontrolled chaos in the newsroom .
The cries of the chief sub telling the subs to ‘ get moving ’ and get the stories edited and on the page , Walter breathing down his neck as he tried to fill the gaps in the paper .
He loved writing with one eye on the clock , knowing he had no time to get it wrong .
Not today , though .


He sent his last story , about a mugging on Lothian Road the night before , and leaned back in his chair .
Niddrie , he was thinking to himself .
What the hell had Katherine Buchan been doing at a community project in Niddrie ?


He logged onto the library , punching in Ann Bryant ’s name to see what they had on her , realising why the name had been familiar when he saw the list of related stories pop up on his screen .
One of them was from last year , when fire crews around Edinburgh were being called out to false alarms and ambushed by groups of rock - throwing kids .


One of the worst incidents was in Niddrie when a fireman had been hit in the eye by a rock and hospitalised .
Along with the usual outraged quotes from the police and fire brigade , was a comment from the co - ordinator of the newly - formed Niddrie Community Awareness Programme , Ann Bryant .
He read her quotes calling for extra funding for anti - social behaviour programmes in the area and better after - school facilities for kids , and wished he could remember more about his conversation with Bryant .
He had never met her , only spoken to her on the phone .
Would she remember him ?


On an impulse , he punched in Katherine ’s name , cross - referencing it with Ann Bryant and Niddrie to see if there was anything in the library .
Nothing .
If he was going to get answers on this , he was going to have to speak to Bryant .


He got the address for the project from Terry , who still had that insufferably smug look on his face , then filled Walter in on what he had found and headed for the door .
On his way to the car , he dialled Susie ’s number .
After the debacle with the photograph , he wanted to let her know what was happening .
Neither of them needed a repeat of yesterday .


After a few rings , he was redirected to her answerphone .
Doug left a brief message , asking her to call him as soon as she could .
The danger was that she thought he was just calling to see how she got on with his research and would ignore the call , but that was a chance he would have to take .
He was n’t going to spill his guts to an answerphone .


Niddrie , and its neighbour , Craigmillar , sat on the east of Edinburgh , buffered from the border with East Lothian and Musselburgh beyond by an outdoor shopping complex and factory outlets .


For years , Niddrie and Craigmillar had been no - go areas for many ; high crime , teenage pregnancies , poor health , underage drinking and drug abuse were all common on the streets , which would n’t have looked out of place in downtown Baghdad , with their rotting , shuttered tenements .


But over the last few years , the council had started pumping cash into the area , which was , after all , only a five - minute drive from the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood .
The tenements were replaced by new flats , houses and office complexes .
Community outreach projects like Bryant ’s were being set up and funded , efforts had been made to secure residents retraining and better job prospects .


But the inevitable scarring was still there .
The houses may have changed , the streets may have widened and been tidied but many of the problems remained .


Several years ago the body of a baby – no more than a few days old – had been found mutilated , burned and abandoned at the side of a pathway running through Craigmillar .
The community had rallied together to bury the child , but the mother had never been found and the origins of the child never discovered .


Despite the developments , the promises and attempts at a new start , Niddrie and Craigmillar still kept their secrets .
And some of those secrets could kill .


The NCAP office was housed in one of the newer buildings set off the main road that led through Niddrie .
Sitting opposite , a new block of flats – which looked to Doug like a Lego set given a coat of paint and a few balconies – sat isolated in an overgrown field .


A large red banner draped across the office building pronounced NCAP was ‘ at the heart of Niddrie ’ in gold lettering .
Outside , a minibus with the NCAP logo sat at the kerbside .
It looked like it had seen better days .


Doug parked beside the minibus , fished his mobile out of his pocket and tried Susie ’s number again .
No good , still the answering machine .
At least she could n’t accuse him of not trying .


Access to the building was via entryphone .
He ran a finger down the other businesses – Niddrie and Craigmillar Rejuvenation Project , A&S Legal Services and East Edinburgh Furniture Recycling Project – and pressed the buzzer for NCAP .


‘ Hello ? ’ a voice said through a wave of static .


‘ Oh , hi there .
My name ’s Doug McGregor .
I ’ m with the _Capital Tribune_ .
I ’ m here to see Ann Bryant . ’


A pause , static hissing over the line .
‘ Do you have an appointment , Mr McGregor ? ’


‘ Ah , no .
I was given her name by a colleague of mine , Terry Hewson .
He suggested I come and speak with her . ’


Another pause .
Come on , Doug thought .
Open the damn door .


Then , just as he thought he was going to be ignored , a sigh on the intercom .
‘ You better come up , then , ’ the voice said as the door buzzed open .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


The NCAP office was on the top floor , at the end of a short corridor crammed with cardboard boxes and crates .
Someone was moving in or out .
He knocked on NCAP ’s door , heard soft , shuffling steps as someone got out of a seat .
Ann Bryant swung the door open and peered up at Doug .
She was shorter than the photograph had suggested , only about 5ft 3ins , and her hair was now more white than black and cut almost militarily shot , but it was definitely her .


‘ Ms Bryant ? ’
Doug said brightly , offering his hand .


Bryant took Doug ’s hand and shook it .
Her grip was warm and weak .
‘ Mr McGregor .
Please , come in . ’
She stood aside and ushered him into the office , also filled with crates and boxes .


‘ Moving , ’ Ann said as she moved past Doug and took a seat at a desk in front of the window .
‘ We used to be on the first floor , but the previous tenants of this office moved out a couple of weeks ago .
More space , so we moved . ’


Ann motioned for Doug to take a seat opposite her .
‘ So , Mr McGregor , ’ she said , ‘ what can I do for you ? ’


‘ Please , call me Doug .
As I said , Terry Hewson gave me your name .
He recognised you from this picture . ’
Doug took out a copy of the picture and the enhanced blow - up Terry had given him , passed them across the table to Bryant .
She took them , adjusted her glasses for a better look .
‘ I was wondering if you could tell me anything about it ? ’
Doug asked .


Ann Bryant ’s face tensed as she studied the photograph .
‘ Where did you get this ? ’


Doug cleared his throat , shifted in his seat slightly .
Good question .
‘ It was sent to me , ’ he said simply .
‘ I take it you recognise the people in it ? ’


‘ Yes , yes I do , ’ Bryant said , eyes flitting between the photograph and the blow - up .
‘ So , tell me Mr McGregor , why am I talking to you instead of the police ? ’


Doug felt his cheeks burn .
‘ Ah , well .
I ’ m sure you will be in due course .
But , as I said , I was sent that photo first .
I guess I ’ m just a little ahead of the police on the follow - up . ’


Bryant handed the photos back to Doug .
‘ I ’ m sorry , ’ she said .
‘ There ’s nothing I can tell you . ’


‘ Ca n’t or wo n’t ? ’
Doug asked .
‘ Look , Ms Bryant , it ’s you in the photograph , I know that ’s Katherine Buchan with Derek McGinty .
Believe it or not , I ’ m not just trying to get a story here .
I really want to know what ’s going on . ’


‘ That why you got those bruises , sticking your nose in where it ’s not wanted ? ’


The threat echoed in Doug ’s mind .
_You ’ve been asking questions about Derek McGinty .
It stops , now . _ ‘ You could say that . ’


Bryant studied him for a moment , as if trying to make a decision .


‘ Look , ’ Doug said finally , putting aside his notepad and pen .
‘ Off the record , okay ?
I promise I wo n’t print anything you tell me here .
But please , if there ’s anything you can tell me about Katherine or her work here , I ’d like to hear it .
It might help answer a few questions . ’


‘ Off the record ? ’
Bryant asked , eyes not leaving Doug ’s .
He nodded slowly .
Not the way he would have liked it , but if it was the only way to find out what was going on , he would take it .
God knows what he was going to tell Walter , though .


‘ And I take it you ’re going to publish this anyway , whether or not I talk to you ? ’


‘ Unless you can tell me something that ’s going to change my boss ’s mind , yes . ’


Bryant sighed heavily , stood up and made for a door on the other side of the office .
She opened it to reveal a small kitchenette .
‘ You want a coffee ? ’ she asked .


Doug felt a wave of relief .
‘ Please .
Black . ’


Bryant reappeared with two mugs of coffee , placed one in front of Doug and then settled back into her seat .
She took her time getting comfortable .
‘ Firstly , if I see one word of what I tell you in print , I ’ll sue your paper to the ground . ’


‘ Fair enough , ’ Doug said , willing her to stop stalling and get to the story .
He sampled the coffee .
Weak and warm , like her handshake .


‘ Alright then , ’ Bryant said , cupping her mug in both hands and looking into it as if she would see her next sentence there .
‘ The first thing you need to know is that you ’re wrong on two counts , Mr McGregor . ’


Doug raised an eyebrow .


‘ The woman in that photograph is not Katherine Buchan .
And she was n’t a worker here , Mr McGregor , she was a client . ’


* Chapter 34 Chapter 34 { { { 1 # 34


Hal had his phone tucked into the crook of his neck as he packed his case , vaguely aware that Jonathan was hanging around at the door to his room , looking for all the world like a little boy watching Daddy pack for yet another long business trip away from home .


Hal know the look well enough .
He had spent his own childhood perfecting it .


In his ear , Eddie Hobbies from Tory HQ in London was asking the same question for about the fifth time .
Ever the politician , he had varied his approach each time .
He had tried challenging , disbelieving , straightforward and dispassionate so far .
Now he was trying for flattery .


‘ Look , Hal , I trust your judgment – we all do , that ’s why you got the job in the first place – but are you sure ?
Is n’t it too soon ?
Surely you should stay there for a few more days , see how it plays out ? ’


Hal tossed a shirt into his case .
Left it unfolded deliberately , looking forward to the rolled eyes and mocking disapproval Colin would subject him to for packing so sloppily .
God , he could n’t wait to get home .


‘ Eddie , I ’ m sure , ’ he said .
‘ The party ’s involvement in the story is almost tangential now .
Buchan has agreed to a leave of absence .
He did n’t like it , but he ’s swallowed it now , knows he does n’t need the press interest .


‘ Anyone asks , they know not to comment any further .
If they carry his Bill through parliament , they ’re doing it in his name because it ’s what Richard would want .
If they decide the Bill ’s too hot to touch , which is my advice by the way , then they ’re letting it fall because it would n’t be right to try and get it through without Buchan being there to be a part of it .
Win - win , either way . ’


Eddie demurred on the other end of the line , tried his old trick of coughing to stall for time .
Hal took advantage .


‘ Besides , ’ he said , ‘ I can monitor the press from home as easily as here now , and if anything does go tits up , Jonathan can be my hands on the wheel here .
You should keep an eye on him , Eddie , he ’s a bright one . ’


Jonathan flashed a smile so wide it was almost genuine .
Colour crept up into his cheeks as his eyes widened and he gave Hal a silent , overly enthusiastic thumbs up .
God help the kid , Hal thought suddenly , he could be a future prime minister .


‘ Well , if you ’re sure , ’ Eddie replied , sounding like a kid being told this was the last story of the night before bed , ‘ when will you be back ? ’


Hal glanced at his watch , made a quick calculation .
‘ Should be later this afternoon .
You want to meet up this evening , talk it over then ? ’


‘ No , that wo n’t be necessary , Hal .
You get home , see your family .
We ’ll talk in a few days , settle your fee .
There ’s also another matter we could use your help on – long - term contract , right up to the next election . ’


Hal smiled , fought back the urge to punch the air .
‘ See you in a few days then , Eddie , ’ he said .


‘ Look forward to it , Hal .
Oh , and good work . ’


‘ Thanks , ’ Hal replied .
Glanced at Jonathan .
‘ But it was a team effort . ’


* Chapter 35 Chapter 35 { { { 1 # 35


Susie got in touch just as Doug was drawing into a parking space outside his flat .


‘ Hey , Doug , it ’s me .
I got your message , what ’s up ? ’


‘ Hey , Susie .
Where are you right now ? ’


A pause on the line .
Still wary .
‘ On my way to an appointment , ’ was all she said .


‘ If it ’s with Richard Buchan , do n’t bother , ’ Doug said .
‘ We need to talk first . ’


‘ What ?
Oh Christ , Doug , now what have you done ? ’


Doug closed his eyes .
Took a deep breath .
There was no way around it , he was going to have to tell her . Now . ‘ Look , you know that photograph … ? ’


‘ Yes ? ’
A pause .
Doug could almost see her chewing her lip .
‘ What about it ? ’


‘ Well , I found out a little more about it , found one of the other people in it with McGinty and Ka … ’
He caught himself .
Not yet .
‘ Katherine . ’


‘ What ? ’
Susie ’s voice was so sharp Doug had to pull his mobile from his ear .
‘ You just could n’t leave it , could you ?
Do you know how much shit you ’ve already stirred up for me ? ’


‘ Look , I know .
I ’ m sorry .
I tried to call you this morning , but your phone was off . ’


‘ I was at the mortuary , ’ Susie snapped .
Doug imagined the bodies there were warmer than her tone .


‘ Look , ’ he said , talking quickly now .
‘ I ’ m sorry if I ’ve fucked things up for you .
Really , I am .
But I ’ve got to speak to you before you talk to Buchan again .
I ’ve found some things out that you need to know . ’


‘ Well ?
Tell me , then . ’


‘ Not on the phone .
Meet me at my flat . ’
He glanced at his watch , worked out routes from Edinburgh to Musselburgh in his head .
‘ Say twenty minutes ? ’


‘ Come on , Doug , cut the crap .
If you ’ve got something to tell me , just tell me .
Enough of the games , okay ? ’


Doug chewed on his lip .
Tell her now or not ?
‘ No , ’ he said finally .
‘ Not on the phone .
My flat , Susie , twenty minutes .
And believe me , you ’re going to want to hear this . ’


He cut the line before she had a chance to argue .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Even the buzzer sounded impatient .
Doug hit the entry button , heard the door to the tenement bang shut as Susie ’s footsteps click - clacked up the stairs .
He opened his door before she had a chance to knock .


‘ Look , Doug , I ’ m not too … ’ her words trailed off as she caught sight of his face .
‘ Bloody hell , what happened to you ? ’


‘ You should see the car , ’ Doug said , ushering her in and slamming the door behind her .
Taking a moment to check the locks .
He saw the confused look on her face .
‘ Look , I ’ll get to it .
You want a coffee ? ’


‘ Yeah , okay , ’ she said as she made for the living room and took a seat .
She wanted to be pissed at him , knew she should be , but seeing him like that made it difficult to stay mad .
Damn it , why was she always letting this guy manipulate her ?


She heard cupboards clatter in the kitchen , the click of the kettle as it boiled .
‘ You want any help ? ’


‘ Nah , I ’ll be fine , ’ Doug said .
His voice was tense , anxious .
What had he found ?


He came through a moment later with two mugs of coffee , set Susie ’s down on the table in front of the couch and then eased himself into his chair .
She saw him wince as he moved .


‘ You going to tell me what happened to you ? ’ she asked again .


‘ Got a little warning last night , ’ he said , sipping his coffee .
Too hot .
‘ Guy jumped me outside , told me not to poke around Derek McGinty any more .
Gave me a couple of digs and the car a new sunroof to make sure I got the message . ’


Susie leant forward , eyes widening .
‘ Jesus , Doug , why did n’t you call me ? ’


He smiled slightly .
‘ Did n’t think we were speaking , ’ he said .
Saw her shift uncomfortably in her seat as colour filled her cheeks and added : ‘ Honestly , it ’s nothing .
I ’ll be fine . ’


‘ So , ’ Susie said , breaking the awkward silence , ‘ what ’s so important ? ’


‘ First , a question , ’ Doug replied as he tried to get more comfortable in his seat and take the weight off his aching side .
‘ What was it you found yesterday that you would n’t tell me ? ’


Susie scowled at him .
‘ Do n’t tell me you got me all the way here so you could try and get another line out of me ?
Come on , Doug , I really do n’t need this at the moment , especially with the crap Burns is giving me . ’


‘ It ’s not like that , ’ he said .
‘ Really .
But I need to know .
I think I know what all this is about .
I think you found something that either put McGinty at the Scott Monument or gave him a damn strong motive for being there , right ? ’


Susie studied him closely , felt a sudden , stupid urge to reach out and take his hand as she saw pain kaleidoscope across his face .
How badly had he been beaten last night ?


‘ Maybe , ’ she said .
‘ Tell me what you know , Doug .
I ’ll tell you if you ’re right . ’


‘ Okay , ’ Doug sighed .
It hurt too much to argue .
‘ Okay .
Like I said last night , when I got that photograph of McGinty and Katherine , I had our picture editor scan it into the system . ’


Susie nodded .
She did n’t want to talk about the photograph .


‘ Anyway , I also asked Terry to see if he could do anything about the picture , maybe give us a clue about where it was taken . ’


Susie sat back in the sofa .
‘ And it did , right ? ’


‘ Right .
Turns out Terry knew one of the people in the photo , Ann Bryant .
She runs a community group in Niddrie . ’


Doug saw Susie turn the information over in her mind , trying to see where it fit .


‘ I spoke to her about an hour ago , right after I called you to let you know what was going on . ’
Susie shot him an arch look .
He shrugged .
‘ Anyway , after a bit of persuading , she told me a story . ’
He dug his copy of the photograph out of his pocket and passed it to Susie , ignoring the roll of her eyes .
He had been sent the picture , did she seriously think he was n’t going to copy it before handing it over ?


‘ That was taken in April 1992 , ’ he said , ‘ back when the Niddrie Community Awareness Programme was the East Edinburgh Dependency Care Unit . ’


‘ Dependency care ?
As in drug abuse ? ’


Doug nodded slowly .
‘ Exactly .
At the time , the unit was run out of one of the old tenements in Niddrie .
It was used as a day - care and hostel centre for recovering drug addicts . ’


‘ So Katherine was working there ? ’


Doug smiled .
‘ Not quite .
Ann said she was one of the patients . ’


Susie ’s eyes widened as her mouth dropped open .
Doug felt a flash of guilty satisfaction .
She had recently stunned him into silence with a mind - blowing snippet of information , so it was only fair he repaid the favour .


‘ Shit , ’ Susie whispered .
‘ Katherine Buchan was a drug addict ? ’


‘ Yup .
Heroin , apparently .
Pretty heavy user too , if what Bryant said is true .
Oh yeah , and one other thing .
You ’ll never find any of this in her records .
Nobody at the unit knew her as Katherine Buchan .
She was registered there as Katie .
Katie Milton . ’


Susie felt as though the room was beginning to spin as it did after a big night out .
Katherine Buchan was a drug user who was at an addicts ’ clinic under an assumed name .
It sounded fantastic , insane … but …


But it also made perfect sense .
The daughter of a prominent lawyer and rising political star gets a drug problem and then sorts it out under an assumed name so dearest Daddy ’s career and image as a wholesome family man is never tarnished .


‘ H … hold on , ’ Susie said , glancing down at the photo again .
‘ So , how does Derek fit into all this ? ’


He shrugged slowly .
‘ That ’s where it falls down , ’ he said .
‘ Ann ’s not sure .
He visited from time to time , was always very friendly and helpful , apparently .
Seems he and Katherine – sorry , Katie – struck up a bit of a relationship . ’


Susie leaned back in the couch , covered her eyes with her hands .
Oh yes , Doug had been right .
This was certainly going to change the way she was going to talk to Richard Buchan .


It all added up .
MSP ’s daughter see the papers , realises the recently - released rapist everyone is so keen to track down knows her from her days as a drug addict .
Said rapist has no job prospects , no cash in the bank , nothing to fall back on …


Except his friend Katie , who would pay anything to keep Daddy ’s name from being dragged through the mud . £ 5,000 ?
Susie was surprised McGinty had n’t asked for £ 5 million .


‘ You think her parents knew ? ’


Doug shrugged .
‘ I do n’t know , maybe .
It would n’t be the first time a politician has tried to sweep a dirty secret under the carpet .
It ’s worth looking at , anyway . ’


‘ That your next move ? ’


‘ Nope , ’ Doug said , getting out of his seat , wincing as he stretched .
‘ That ’s your job .
Me , I ’ m going to take a closer look at Derek McGinty . ’


‘ Huh ?
Why ? ’


‘ Because whoever it was that had a go at me last night wanted to make sure I did n’t find something .
It might be this , it might not be .
McGinty was into a lot of dodgy shit in his time , I want to make sure I ’ m not missing something .
And I get the feeling I am at the moment . ’


‘ Oh , like what ? ’


‘ I do n’t know .
Just a … ’
He turned to stare out of the window , as if looking for the answer .
He did n’t find it .
‘ I do n’t know .
But I will when I find it .
Anyway , you going to tell me what you found out yesterday , or what ? ’


Slowly , Susie told him about the £ 5,000 withdrawn from Katherine ’s account on the day she died .
As she spoke , she could see him adding it to what he already knew , coming to the same conclusions she did .
When she had stopped speaking , he pulled a small piece of paper from his shirt pocket and handed it to her .


‘ What ’s this ? ’


‘ Ann Bryant ’s phone number .
I know you ’re going to have to see her and go through all this again , officially .
She ’s waiting for your call . ’


Susie smiled .
‘ Thanks , Doug .
Look … you sure you ’re okay ? ’


‘ No , ’ he answered , a crooked smile on his face .
‘ But I ’ m a lot better now I know all this . ’


Susie got up , drained her coffee .
‘ I better get going .
I ’ve got a few people to see . ’


‘ We okay , then ? ’
The naughty schoolboy act was back .


‘ Yeah , we ’re okay .
On one condition . ’


‘ Oh , what ’s that ? ’


‘ Next time you get beaten up in the middle of the night , call me , okay ? ’


‘ Why , you going to come charging to my rescue ? ’


‘ Nah , ’ she said , opening the front door .
‘ But I might give the guy a loan of my pepper spray . ’


Doug slammed the door in her face .
She could hear his laughter as she headed for the stairs .


* Chapter 36 Chapter 36 { { { 1 # 36


When Doug had first called saying he had to tell her something , Susie had resigned herself to the fact her day was going to be messed up .
She phoned Buchan , who was expecting her at his home in Stockbridge and told him she would have to postpone their appointment , apologising profusely and citing ‘ unavoidable business ’ , which she thought was a fairly accurate description of Doug at times .


Buchan said he understood .
His tone of voice said he did n’t like it .


Heading back into town from Doug ’s , Susie phoned Buchan ’s home .
She was just about to hang up when Linda Buchan answered .


‘ Hello ? ’
Her voice was still blank .
Susie wondered if her doctor had doped her up with something .


‘ Mrs Buchan .
It ’s DS Drummond here .
I was wondering if I could have a word with your husband ? ’


‘ He ’s not here . ’


‘ Oh .
Can you tell me when he ’ll be back ? ’


‘ No . ’
The coldness in Linda Buchan ’s voice made Susie shudder .
It was unnerving .
‘ He said he was going up to the court to pick up some papers . ’


‘ Would that be the High Court on the Royal Mile ? ’


‘ Yes . ’
Voice fading now .
She was losing interest in the call .
‘ It must be . ’


Odd , Susie thought .
The day he announces he ’s taking a leave of absence from his political career to focus on his family he abandons his wife to go work at the courts ?


Susie made her thanks then ended the call , glad to be away from Linda Buchan ’s toneless voice .
She wondered how much more the woman could take before she had a complete breakdown .
Everything Doug had just told her was n’t going to help .


Susie shook off the thought , focusing on the matter at hand .
If Buchan was n’t going to wait for her , fine .
She would catch him at the court .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


As ever , parking in Edinburgh was a pain in the arse .
Susie finally found a space on Market Street , on the steep slope that led on to the Mound .
Paying for her ticket , she looked out across Princes Street Gardens at the Scott Monument .
An image of Katherine Buchan ’s ruined body flashed before her mind ; Dr Williams picking through the shattered remains , blood and gore streaked across his rubber gloves and surgical gown .


She shuddered , tried to push the thought away , concentrate on the here and now .


The court was only a two - minute walk away .
She caught sight of Buchan as he was walking past St Giles ’ Cathedral , a heavy sheaf of papers cradled under his arm , probably heading for the offices that backed onto the court .


Looking both ways , she jogged across the road to him , calling his name to attract his attention .
When she was halfway across the road , something caught the corner of her eye .
A familiar face in the steady stream of people moving up and down the street .


Who ?
Too late , Buchan was in front of her .


‘ Ah , Detective Drummond .
What a surprise , I did n’t think you were going to have the time to see me today . ’
Susie ignored the dig .


‘ Yes , well , I ’ m sorry about that , Mr Buchan .
However , I have come across some interesting developments .
I was wondering if you had time for a quick chat ? ’


Buchan made a show of checking his watch .
‘ Well , I do have a meeting in twenty minutes , and I was planning on dropping into my office .
But , I suppose , if it ’s important , I could spare you a few minutes . ’


Arrogant bastard , Susie thought as she muttered her thanks .
Good to know that discussing his daughter ’s death was n’t too much of an inconvenience .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Buchan ’s office was about the same size as Third Degree ’s , with institutional decoration lurking behind haphazard attempts to make it liveable .
Unlike Burns ’ office , the walls were crowded with photographs .
In most of them , Buchan was smiling for the camera – the perfect PR pose – as he was greeted by various people who Susie assumed meant something in political circles .
She recognised one person , though : the Chief Superintendent , standing on what looked like a terrace overlooking a golf course , smiling with glasses raised .
Fuck .


There was , as far as she could see , only one picture of Buchan with Katherine and his wife .
It was an old shot ; Susie guessed Katherine would have been about nine or ten in the photograph , all blonde hair and ruddy cheeks as she stood before her parents , Buchan resting a hand on her shoulder , Linda by his side .


It should have been the perfect family scene , and the picture quality was far better than the squint - eyed effort that hung in Burns ’ office , but to Susie the photograph looked cold and remote , as staged as the other pictures it shared the wall with .


‘ Now , DS Drummond , ’ Buchan said , ‘ What can I do for you ? ’


‘ Well , sir , some new information has come to light regarding the photograph you received a call about yesterday . ’


Buchan ’s brow darkened .
‘ Ah , yes .
I take it those _journalists_ involved have been appropriately reprimanded ? ’


Susie murmured a non - committal reply .
If she told him the Chief Superintendent had granted Doug and the _Tribune_ a stay of execution , she would never get anything from him .


She saw Buchan glance again at his watch .
Time to get on with it .


‘ Sir , we ’ve managed to ascertain from the photo that Katherine sought treatment for a , ah … ’
She paused .
No easy way to say it . ‘ … a drug problem at a residential programme in the Niddrie area in 1992 .
While she was there , it seems Derek McGinty was a fairly regular visitor . ’


She tried to read Buchan ’s face , gauge his reaction .
Impossible , it was like talking to stone .


‘ Did you know anything about her problem , Mr Buchan ?
Was she still using drugs ? ’


‘ Of course not ! ’
Buchan snapped , snatching up a pen from the desk , grasping it hard enough to bleed his knuckles white .
‘ I mean … ’
He lowered his head , sagged back .
‘ I ’ m sorry , DS Drummond .
Forgive me .
As you can imagine , this is a trying time .
No , she was n’t using drugs any more .
She had been clean for more than ten years . ’


‘ So you knew about her problem ? ’


‘ Of course I knew .
When we found out , we got her into the programme , tried to get her the best help we could . ’


Susie raised an eyebrow .
A residential unit in Niddrie was hardly the best help a QC ’s money could buy .
‘ And did you also arrange for Katherine to attend the unit under a false name ? ’


The colour drained from Buchan ’s face .
He dropped his eyes , suddenly fascinated by the pen he had picked up .
‘ Yes , ’ he whispered after a long pause .
‘ I thought it was for the best . ’


For who ?
Susie thought .
Looking at the photographs on the wall , the answer was obvious .


‘ Mr Buchan , ’ she began slowly , picking her words carefully , ‘ regarding the £ 5,000 we discussed yester … ’


The trill of her mobile phone cut her off . Shit .
She had meant to turn it off .
‘ I ’ m sorry , sir , ’ she said as she pulled out the phone .
‘ If I could just have a minute ? ’


Buchan nodded .
He did n’t do a very good job of hiding his relief .


Susie answered the phone .
Listened to what Burns had to say , felt her jaw tighten .


‘ Right , sir .
Yes , he ’s here with me now . ’
Buchan ’s head shot up .
‘ Yes , we ’re on our way , sir .
I ’ll see you there . ’


‘ What is it ? ’
Buchan asked , barely giving Susie the time to finish the call .
‘ What ’s wrong ? ’


Susie took a deep breath .
‘ Ah … sir , I think you ’d better come with me .
There ’s been a break - in at your house .
We ’ve got officers there , they ’re looking after your wife now . ’


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


A WPc was sitting in the lounge room with Linda Buchan by the time they arrived at the house , rubbing her shoulders gently as she rocked back and forth , tears streaming down her pale face .
Her small , thin hands clasped together and released continuously , like two small animals having convulsions as her feet drummed at the floor .


‘ A doctor ’s been called to have a look at her , ’ Burns whispered in Susie ’s ear as he walked across the room to stand beside her .


‘ Hmm , ’ Susie nodded , watching as Buchan sat down beside his wife .
He reached out to take her hands in his , trying to calm them in her lap .
Linda flinched , as though surprised by his presence , then fell back to studying her hands , ignoring him .


‘ What happened ? ’
Susie asked .


‘ We ’re not sure yet , ’ Burns replied .
‘ It was a neighbour who called the police , said she heard screams as she passed the house while walking her dog .
When officers got here , they found her like this .
No obvious signs of a break - in . ’


Susie glanced around the room .
Show - home neat , as ever .
‘ Other than her ’ , she nodded towards Linda , ‘ why _are_ we calling this a break - in ? ’


‘ Two reasons .
One , a car was seen driving off at high speed not long before the uniforms arrived .
Second , and most important , the dog walker also said she thought she could hear a man ’s voice over Mrs Buchan ’s screams . ’


Linda Buchan ’s head whipped in the direction of Burns .
‘ He said such horrible things ! ’ she screeched in a hitching sob as her hands flew to the sides of her head , as though trying to block out what she had heard .
‘ About Katherine !
Asked for money .
Said that she was a drug user , that she … she … was … was … ’


Her voice dissolved into hysterical , pitched wails that shook her whole body .
She dropped her head between her knees and shrieked at the ground .
Buchan put his arms around his wife and hugged her fiercely , ignoring the sudden stiffening of her spine as his arms closed around her .


‘ She did n’t know ? ’
Susie asked gently as he looked up at her .


‘ No , ’ he said , his face an contortion of anger , distress and . . . embarrassment ?
‘ She adored Katherine .
Telling her would have killed her .
I thought if I could … could … ’
He flailed for words , gave up and bent his head to his wife ’s back , hiding his face .


Linda shrugged him off , slid off the couch and fell to her knees , her cries becoming even more hysterical .


Buchan sat looking at her , paralysed .
He half - reached out , then let his arms drop to his lap .
His eyes darted around the room , glare challenging anyone who dared meet his gaze .


‘ What the fuck are you people doing about this ? ’ he hissed .
‘ My daughter is dead , my wife has been harassed in our home , my … my … ’
He stuttered for a moment , face darkening .
Linda sat on the floor , sobs now interspersed with pleas to Buchan to stop , just stop , it was n’t their fault .


He shrugged her off .
‘ What the fuck use are any of you ? ’


Uncomfortable shuffles around the room as officers busied themselves with notepads and cameras , studied the floor for vital clues .
Burns stepped forward , arms open , voice as gentle as he could make it .


‘ Mr Buchan , I can understand your distress .
But my officers and I … ’


Susie walked out of the room .
She needed to get away from Linda ’s sobbing and Buchan ’s ranting .
She stood in the hallway , tried to think .


‘ What ? ’
Burns asked as he joined her in the hall .
‘ If you ’ve got something , I ’d love to hear it . ’


‘ McGinty , ’ Susie said , more to herself than Burns .
‘ When she calms down , I ’ m betting her description of the intruder matches Derek McGinty .
He was here , sir . ’


Susie saw understanding dawn in Burns ’ eyes .
‘ You think … ? ’


‘ Exactly .
He took the £ 5,000 from Katherine , hush money so nobody knew her secret and dropped her dad ’s career in the shit .
Killed her and then decided he wanted more .
But he could n’t go back to her , so who else ? ’


‘ Go straight to the source , ’ Burns said .


‘ Exactly .
Why not blackmail Buchan himself ?
Except when he got here , told Mrs Buchan what he would do unless she coughed up the cash , she flipped out on him .
He panicked and left . ’


Burns stared at the front door , jaw working slowly as he ground his teeth .
To Susie , he looked like a bad - tempered bulldog .
He strode to the door , grabbed a uniformed Pc by the arm and spun him round hard enough for the young officer to stagger back .


‘ Sir , what …
I … ? ’


‘ Get on to Fettes , ’ Burns said , ignoring the Pc ’s stammered confusion .
‘ Tell them I want the description of Derek McGinty reissued to every uniform , every car and every patrol in the next hour .
And this time , I want the cunt found . ’


The Pc nodded and hurried outside to radio in Burns ’ request .


‘ I ’ll have that bastard in cells by tonight , ’ Burns hissed .
‘ And then we ’ll have a nice long chat with our Mr McGinty .
That sound alright to you , DS Drummond ? ’


‘ Yes sir , ’ Susie replied .
‘ That sounds just fine . ’


* Chapter 37 Chapter 37 { { { 1 # 37


‘ … yeah , Carol , that ’s it .
Look , thanks very much . Bye . ’


Doug hung up the phone and turned his attention back to the notes and documents spread across his coffee table .
He had still been at his flat when Susie called , asking him to see if he could squeeze a story about the break - in at the Buchans ’ home into second edition .
He had glanced at the clock – just after 12.30 .
It was going to be tight , but he got typing – the chatter of the keyboard only interrupted by the soft flicking of his notepad pages as he paused to check his scrawled notes – and e - mailed the story in , then talked it over with Carol Jones , who was on the desk that day .


That done , he mulled over what Susie had told him about how she suspected McGinty had paid a visit to the Buchans ’ home .
It made sense to Doug , answered most of the questions that he had , but there were still loose ends that he did n’t like .


And then there was Lizzie Renwick .
Why had she been killed so brutally ?
Doug guessed that could have been McGinty ’s handiwork .
He briefly thought McGinty had gone to the gallery looking for cash or something he could sell , had run into Lizzie and killed her when she refused to help him , but quickly rejected the idea .
If he needed cash , there were a thousand other places he could have gone that would have offered richer pickings without the need to kill someone .


Doug picked through his notes on McGinty and the copy of his record that Susie had supplied him with .
From thug to bouncer to rapist .
Some career …


Hold on a minute .
Bouncer .
Doug flicked through the papers in front of him , looking for the notes on the clubs McGinty had worked in , including the place Bethany Miller and her friends had been on the night she was attacked .
The club itself was gone now , destroyed by a fire that gutted a section of the city ’s Old Town , but still , it gave Doug a lead .


In August a couple of years ago , when Edinburgh ’s nightclubs were allowed to stay open until 5am to cash in on the huge influx of tourists that the Festival brought with it , the council had brought in a scheme to licence all doormen working in the city ’s pubs and clubs .
It was part of a drive to weed out the thugs who were merely looking for an excuse to beat the shit out of people and get away with it .


While working on the story , Doug had come across Rab MacFarlane .
Rab ran Capital Events Management , one of the largest security and events companies in the city .
Whenever a big star came to Edinburgh to perform , it was a fair bet that you would see a steward wandering around the gig with Rab ’s company logo emblazoned across his T - shirt .
Rab had started the company in the Seventies when he was a young man working on the doors himself , building it up to become one of the biggest doormen - for - hire and private security businesses on the east coast .


There were rumours Rab ’s phenomenal success was partly down to knowing when to turn a blind eye to some of the more profitable and less legal aspects of the nightclub industry , but Doug had taken to Rab .
He had a quick , sarcastic wit and was helpful and articulate when commenting on the story .
He had spent a few nights with Rab touring the pubs and clubs in the city where his people worked .
Everywhere they went , there were nods of greeting , claps on the shoulder , shaking of hands .


The idea of the tour was to give Doug a better idea of what doormen in the city had to deal with , get a feel for the need for tighter regulation , but really it was just a pub crawl .
Though wherever they went and no matter how much they drank , Rab remained the same ; calm and serene , willing to talk and be talked to .
He seemed to live by a simple rule : do n’t fuck with me and I wo n’t fuck with you .


Doug reached for his contact book , flipping through the well - thumbed pages until he found Rab ’s number .
If anyone could help him find out more about Derek ’s working life in Edinburgh , it was Rab .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Rab ran his empire from a suite of offices in the basement of a building on Forth Street , only a few minutes ’ walk from Princes Street .
His neighbours were the local radio station on one side and a firm of architects on the other .
Doug was met at the door by Janet , Rab ’s perma - blonde wife , who was always just this side of orange .
She and her man had clawed their way up from the gutter to the point where she could afford three sunbed sessions a week , a weekly hair - do and a cacophony of chunky gold jewellery .
Janet also drove a two - seater Mazda roadster , which sat gleaming outside their offices .


Personal number plate and flame red , of course .


‘ Hiya , Doug , ’ she said , her voice pure Lanarkshire .
‘ Christ , boy , you bin in the wars or someit ?
’ Mone in .
He ’s oan the phone , he ’ll oanlae be wan minute . ’


Doug nodded his thanks , complimented Janet on her hair - do .
She flashed a row of capped teeth already beginning to stain with nicotine and sat back behind her desk .
Whatever her faults , Janet was no fool .
She deployed Rab ’s staff with the military precision of a general at war .


The door to the main office boomed open as Rab steeped through .
He was a tall man , dressed in a suit that probably cost more than Doug ’s last car loan .
A gold wrist chain peeked out from underneath the cuff of his shirt .
His smile was warm and open , but the eyes shattered that illusion .
There was a hardness in his gaze , something that said this was a man who had seen violence , and was n’t afraid to use it if he had to .


‘ Doug , ’ he called , taking Doug ’s hand and pumping it in a vigorous handshake .
His eyes strayed over Doug ’s bruises .
‘ How are you ? ’ he asked pointedly .


‘ Going well , Rab , ’ Doug replied .
He could feel pins and needles crawl through his palm .
‘ Look , thanks for seeing me at such short notice . ’


‘ Ach ’ , Rab waved a dismissive hand .
‘ Think nothing of it .
You put me across well in that paper of yours , only fair I do you a favour when I can .
Come on in , we ’ll talk . ’


Doug followed Rab into his office , which was dominated by a huge oak desk that sat at the far end of the room .
Next to the window a large plant with lush green leaves nodded lazily in the draft from the air - conditioning unit overheard .
Doug recognised the plant , his mum and dad had one just like it in their home , but he could n’t remember what it was called .


As Doug took a seat , Rab busied himself at a drinks cabinet behind his desk .
He did n’t ask Doug if he wanted a drink , did n’t need to .
To Rab , having a drink was as integral a part of doing business as a pen and a contract .
Someone visited you , you played the host .
It was the way he worked .
Doug was glad he ’d decided to get a taxi into town instead of bringing the car .


He set a generous whisky in front of Doug and then settled himself into his chair .
Held up his own glass .
‘ Cheers . ’


Doug raised his glass , took a sip .
The peaty tang of Laphroaig bit into his tastebuds .
A little early in the day for him , but not bad .
He murmured his thanks .


‘ So , Doug , ’ Rab said as he rolled his glass between his fingers .
‘ What can I do to help you ? ’


‘ I was wondering if you had ever heard of a guy who worked on the doors a few years ago .
Derek McGinty ? ’


Rab turned his head up , studying the ceiling .
‘ McGinty , McGinty , McGinty , ’ he said , tasting the name .
‘ Hold on a minute .
Derek McGinty .
He no ’ that bastard who got sent down for raping that wee girl ?
The one your paper ’s going doolally for ? ’


‘ Yeah , that ’s him .
He ever work for you ? ’


‘ No ’ fuckin ’ likely .
I met him a few times , though , he was always asking around , seeing if there were any jobs going .
He worked in a few of the clubs on the West End and down the rougher end of the Grassmarket . ’


Doug nodded .
‘ So how come you never took him on ? ’


‘ Loose cannon , ’ Rab replied .
‘ Had a monstrous temper on him , by all accounts , could fly off the handle at any moment .
Bad for business .
And he was a dealer , too . ’


Doug ’s ears pricked up .
‘ What ?
Speed , E ? ’


‘ Naw , the hard shit .
Heroin , crack , that kind of thing .
He would deal it in the clubs , wasnae particular about who he sold to either as long as he got his money . ’


‘ You got any idea who he was working for ?
What clubs he was dealing in ? ’


Rab ’s bushy eyebrows met in a deep frown .
‘ Why the interest , Doug ?
I thought this guy was yesterday ’s news . ’


Maybe for everyone who has n’t had the shit beaten out of them and their car impaled , Doug thought .
‘ I ’ m not sure , ’ he said .
‘ But I ’ve been working on a few things recently , and McGinty ’s name keeps popping up .
I was hoping you could fill in some of the gaps . ’


Rab gazed at Doug coolly for a moment , as though sizing him up .
‘ It ’s important to you , is n’t it ? ’


‘ Yeah .
Yeah , Rab , it is .
Anything you could tell me would be really helpful . ’


‘ Well , the truth is I do n’t know much more than I ’ve already told you , ’ Rab replied , draining his glass and getting up for another .
‘ But I can find out for you , if you want . ’


‘ That would be great , Rab , thanks a lot . ’


Rab shrugged .
It always paid to keep those who could portray you and your business in a good light happy .
‘ Do n’t worry about it .
I ’ll make a few calls , let you know what comes up . ’


‘ Great , Rab , ’ Doug said , draining his whisky .
He blinked back tears as it scalded its way down his throat .
It felt as if someone had lit a bonfire in his stomach .
‘ My mobile ’s on all the time . ’


‘ No problem .
But , Doug , one favour ? ’


Doug froze .
Uh - oh .
‘ Yeah ? ’


‘ Do n’t encourage , Janet .
She ’s bad enough with that fucking hairdresser of hers as it is without young guys like you complimenting her . ’


* Chapter 38 Chapter 38 { { { 1 # 38


‘ Just what the _fuck_ am I paying you for , anyway ? ’


Charlie sighed .
He had been expecting this call since he had seen the afternoon edition of the _Tribune_ .


‘ Look , I … ’


‘ I thought you said you were going to deal with this ! ’ the voice hissed .
‘ For fuck ’s sake , I even gave you the cash to buy a gun , and still you ca n’t just get to that bastard ! ’


Charlie reached for the bottle of whisky at the side of his chair , picked it up and then put it aside again .
No .
The whisky would dull the pain , but he did n’t want it dulled .
He wanted it fresh , wanted to remember what he owed McGinty , and why it was so important he had a little face - to - face chat with him .


‘ Look , ’ he said slowly , as if trying to explain the rules of the game to a sulking child .
‘ I ’ m not psychic .
I did n’t know the little shit would pull something like that , did I ?
I thought he would be sticking to you like glue until he could get you alone . ’


‘ Brilliant fucking plan .
Follow me around and hope you manage to get to McGinty before he gets to me ? ’


Nah , Charlie thought .
I ’ll let the bastard have his fun with you first , then I ’ll deal with him .


‘ Okay , okay , ’ Charlie said .
His jaw was starting to ache from all the talking .
‘ I fucked up , I admit it .
But I ’ll get him , do n’t worry . ’


‘ Oh , and how are you going to do that ?
If you have n’t noticed , his face is splashed all over the papers and television .
If he ’s got any sense , he ’ll have jumped in that car of yours and headed for the Hebrides . ’


‘ No , he wo n’t , ’ Charlie said , filing away the dig about his car for future reference .
When he had dealt with McGinty , this bastard was going to be next to pay , with interest .
Nobody took the piss like that .
Nobody .


‘ He ’s got scores to settle .
He ’ll still be around . ’


‘ And how are you going to find him now ?
If he is still in the area , he ’ll be keeping a low profile . ’


‘ Do n’t worry , ’ Charlie said , glancing back down at the _Tribune_ .
‘ I ’ll make him come to me . ’


‘ And how are you going to do that ? ’


Beside the main story on how the police were looking for McGinty in connection with the disturbance at Buchans ’ home there was a side panel , illustrated with a very satisfying photograph of that little twat McGregor sprawled across a garden path , scrambling for a piece of paper like an old wino lunging for a dropped can of beer .
The picture made Charlie smile .


‘ Oh , I ’ll think of something , ’ he said .


‘ Well , make sure you fucking do . Fast .
I do n’t want … ’


The phone shattered as it struck the wall .
Charlie closed his eyes , took breaths as deep as his ruined nose would allow , forced himself to calm down .
Later .
He would deal with that arrogant prick later .
First , he had to prepare a little surprise for Derek .


* Chapter 39 Chapter 39 { { { 1 # 39


Back at Gayfield , Susie read through Linda Buchan ’s statement again , hoping to find some nuance she had missed .
There was n’t much to go on .
The woman was too hysterical to be of much help .


The neighbour who had reported the screams from the Buchans ’ home , Margaret Orr – who wore the traditional tartan skirt , silver hair and tweed jacket uniform of Edinburgh ’s aging gentry with a straight back and a challenging gleam in her eye – had been more help .
She had been , she told Susie , out walking her dog , Brandy , when she had heard Linda Buchan ’s screams .


‘ I did n’t think much of it at first , dear , ’ Mrs Orr said , fiddling with an ornate silver and jade brooch on her jacket as she spoke .
‘ After all , the woman has just lost her daughter , and everyone in the area knows she ’s not coping very well .
But then I heard that man ’s voice , and I knew there was something wrong . ’


Susie had asked if she heard anything that had been said , but Mrs Orr just shook her head .
Susie could see regret in her eyes .
She must have hated not knowing the whole story .


‘ Not really .
All I could hear was his voice ; very , very angry , but most of what he was saying was drowned out by Mrs Buchan .
I did hear one thing , though , at least I think I did .
I think he said something about “ being off the leash ” .
Does that make any sense ? ’


Susie sighed , pushing the report across her desk .
It made about as much sense as anything else .


At least there had been one break , it was definitely McGinty who had visited the Buchans ’ home .
Forensics found his fingerprints all over the drawing room door , while witnesses who ’d seen ‘ a dark blue saloon car , expensive looking , ’ making off at high speed , gave descriptions of a man fitting McGinty ’s profile at the wheel .


Frustrated , Susie headed to the canteen for a coffee .
What she really wanted was to go for a run , relax away from all this , but that would have to wait .


She had arranged to meet up with Doug , compare notes and see if he had managed to find anything that might give them a clue as to where McGinty could be now .
_Them ? _
Careful , Susie , careful .


She knew Burns would have a fit if he found out , and McGinty ’s background was being pored over by as many bodies as Burns could find , but Susie had learned never to underestimate Doug ’s ability to get to the juicy facts faster than anyone else .
She hoped he was being careful , though .
Whoever had given him that beating was n’t joking around .


When she got back to her desk , feeling guilty for the bar of chocolate she had bought to go with her coffee , she saw another file had arrived .
‘ Shit , ’ she whispered .
More paperwork .
Perfect .


Settling into her chair , she reached for the file .
It was the information she had requested on Lizzie Renwick .
Recalling the way she had reacted when being interviewed , Susie had decided to run a check on her to see if she had had any previous run - ins with the police .


According to the file , she had .
Susie began to read faster .
She ate the chocolate without noticing .
No wonder Lizzie had recovered so quickly when Susie had caught her off - guard with a question : the girl was a pro at dealing with the police .
And it explained why she was working with Katherine .
The girls had something more than a taste for modern art in common .


What the file did n’t do was offer any clue as to why Lizzie had been so brutally murdered .
After a thorough search , police had failed to find anything obviously missing from the gallery , and what cash there was , along with the business chequebook , was found among the piles of paperwork tipped from the drawers .
So the motive had n’t been robbery .
What had the killer been looking for ?
And was it connected to what was in Lizzie ’s file ?


Susie did n’t know .
But at least it gave her a damn good place to start looking .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


The pub Rab asked to meet in was a small tavern on the Newhaven shore , not far from where Doug and Susie had compared notes the day of Burns ’ explosion and Doug ’s anonymous tip - off .
It was a small , low - ceilinged place with tables that had been built from flotsam washed up on the shore and low stools that forced you to adopt the classic drinker ’s pose : knees hunched up , back bent over the table , one hand hovering near your pint .


Rab was already seated at one of the tables when Doug arrived , a glass of what Doug guessed was Laphroaig in front of him .
Across the table , a pint of Guinness waited patiently for Doug .
He did n’t really feel like a drink , especially since the car was parked outside , but he was n’t going to argue the point with Rab .


‘ Evening , Rab , ’ Doug said as he dropped into his stool .
‘ Not your usual stomping ground , is it ? ’


‘ Nah , I fancied a change of scenery , ’ Rab said , glancing around the bar .
From the look on his face , Doug got the feeling he thought it had been a bit of a wasted journey .


Doug lifted the Guinness , nodding his head in thanks and then taking a long drink .
Crap décor or not , the pub did a good pint .
‘ So , ’ he said , ‘ I was n’t expecting you to call back so quickly .
You managed to find something out for me ? ’


Rab fixed Doug with a cool gaze .
‘ That depends . ’


‘ On what ? ’


‘ On whether or not you ’re keen to add to your collection of bumps and bruises .
And do n’t give me any shit about how you walked into a door or something , I saw you jumping when you sat down .
Someone gave you a bit of a going over , did n’t they ?
Made their point with a few digs to the sides , too . ’


Doug refused to back away from Rab ’s stare .
‘ Yeah , well , it happens . ’


‘ Aye , and usually for a good reason , ’ Rab replied .
He finished his whisky in a gulp , turned and raised his hand to the barman .
Message received .
Another nip was on its way .


‘ Look , Doug , let me be straight with you for a minute , okay ?
I did what you asked , found out a bit more about McGinty and , if you want me to tell you , I will .
But this is serious shit , Doug , the people involved are not exactly hungry for publicity , and they do n’t like nosey reporters very much .
They ’ll talk to you if I ask them to , but they ’re not going to like it .
You ’ve already had one doing over this , Doug , the question is , do you want to risk another one ? ’


Doug thought it over for a minute , remembering the sound of the knife punching into the car ’s roof , the way he vomited on the stairs , shaking like a little boy who wanted his mum .
The pain in his side when he moved or sat down .
No , he did n’t want another beating .
But there were questions he needed answers to .
And if it meant a risk to get them , so be it .


‘ Tell me what you know . ’


Rab sighed , leaning back slightly as the barman placed another whisky in front of him .
The measure was a lot bigger than the average bar shot , at least a triple by Doug ’s guess .
The barman retreated .
Rab did n’t pay .


‘ Alright then , ’ he said once he was sure the barman was out of listening range .
‘ But on yer ain heid be it . ’


Doug nodded , felt his stomach twist with a mixture of excitement and fear .


‘ Your friend McGinty had an interesting time when he worked in Edinburgh , ’ Rab said .
‘ Like I told you , he asked me for work and I always knocked him back , knowing he was a bit of a wildcard when things kicked off .
However , not everyone in town is as discerning as I am .
And one of the least discerning is Tommy Croal . ’


Tommy Croal .
Jesus .
Croal was one of the biggest drug dealers and muscle men in Edinburgh .
Originally from the west coast , Croal had arrived in Edinburgh back in the mid - Eighties , keen to build himself an empire .
He had succeeded , but not before sparking off a turf war in the city .
For a while , it was common for clubs to be trashed as Croal ’s men went in and started fights to show the owners that the existing security staff were n’t up to the job of controlling trouble .


It worked on a lot of places , the owners deciding it was easier , and cheaper , to just let Croal run the doors than see their clubs trashed every week .
Of all the security firms in Edinburgh , Rab ’s was the only one that had n’t suffered any losses .
And the reason for that was n’t Rab , but his general - in - chief , Janet .
She doubled security at every club and pub they ran in Edinburgh , always making sure the additional staff were in plain clothes and mingling with the crowd .
The men she used – mostly west coast ‘ friends and family ’ , according to Janet – were under orders : if trouble started , finish it . Hard . Croal did n’t pick on Rab ’s customers for very long .


However , drug dealers were a different story .
They were grabbed off the streets and out of bars and given a simple choice : work for Croal and get a better cut of the sales , or stay with their current supplier and see how easy it was to deal from a wheelchair .
Doug could see why Croal would have use for somebody like McGinty .


‘ So , what was he , one of Croal ’s dealers ? ’


Rab nodded .
‘ Partly .
But he was also a bit of a co - ordinator for Croal .
From what I ’ve heard , he supervised one of Croal ’s saunas along with another vicious wee shite called Charlie Morris .
They made sure the girls and clients were happy , that no one got out of line .
Rumour is they also distributed drugs to dealers there . ’


‘ Anything else you can tell me ? ’
Doug asked .
‘ What clubs he might have dealt at , if he had regular customers ? ’


Rab rolled his eyes .
‘ Fucking typical , ’ he said with a small smile .
‘ Never enough , is it ?
That ’s as much as I could find out but , like I said , I ’ve had a word , and these people have said they ’ll talk to you if you want them to . ’


‘ Thanks , Rab , ’ Doug said as he finished his pint .
He glanced at Rab ’s whisky .
Almost gone .
‘ You want another ? ’


‘ Well , it ’s the least you can do , ’ Rab replied .
Doug made to head for the bar , but Rab placed a hand on his arm , pushing him back into his seat .
‘ I was being serious , Doug .
This is heavy shit .
These people will talk to you .
But that does n’t mean they ’re going to just give you a free pass .
If you ask something they do n’t like , I wo n’t be able to help you , understand ? ’


Doug suddenly felt cold , his mouth dry .
Is it worth it ? he asked himself .
Is it ?
He pushed the thought away .
Too late now .


‘ I understand , Rab .
And thanks for the warning .
I ’ll be on my best behaviour , promise . ’


Just make sure you are , ’ Rab said , draining his whisky .
‘ Now get me another drink , will you , I hate sitting in a pub with an empty glass in front of me . ’


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Half an hour later , Doug was back in his car , heading to meet Susie .
They had originally planned to meet up and compare notes , but when he phoned her she suggested getting something to eat instead , saying she could n’t survive on ‘ a chocolate bar and cups of pish - water coffee ’ .
Doug did n’t complain , he was starting to feel hungry himself , so he suggested a little Chinese restaurant he knew in the Tanfield area near to the Botanic Gardens .
Susie did n’t argue with the thought of Chinese , but was still wary of being seen with him after Burns ’ bollocking and not - so - subtle warning earlier in the day , so asked if he would pick up takeaway and meet her back at her place , which was only five minutes from the restaurant .


She lived on the fourth floor of a tenement on Broughton Road .
Her flat was about the same size as Doug ’s , and offered outstanding clear views of the industrial estate behind it .
She had bought the place when she moved to Edinburgh , before the property market in the capital began demanding that buyers not only pay three times what a home was worth but also sign away their first - born child as part of the deal .
She had decorated it with the twenty - first century equivalent of the carpet , laminate flooring , and a few small pieces of furniture to try and make the place feel bigger than it was .


The illusion almost worked , but the 55 - inch TV that dominated the corner of the living room – which Doug himself had lugged up the stairs and set up for her – ruined the effect .
Susie did n’t care .
She loved movies and loved watching them on the big screen , whether that was at home or at the cinema .


She took the bags of takeaway from Doug at the door , disappearing into the kitchen as he flopped down onto one of the pair of two - seater couches that sat in the living room .


‘ So , how ’d you get on with Linda Buchan ’s statement ? ’
Doug called as he pulled off his tie and stuffed it in his jacket pocket .


‘ Not great , ’ Susie replied as she carried a tray with the Chinese and a bottle of wine into the room and placed it on a small table that sat between the couches .
‘ You want a glass of wine ? ’


Doug thought about it for a second , calculated how much he had already had .
‘ Just the one , ’ he said .
‘ I ’ve got to drive later . ’


Susie nodded as she poured .
‘ Fine with me , ’ she said , passing him a glass .
‘ Leaves me more . ’
She leant forward and heaped rice and sweet and sour chicken into a bowl , then sat back on her couch , curling her legs underneath her .


Doug filled his own bowl with rice and his choice , chilli chicken , then followed Susie ’s lead and got comfortable .
They ate in silence for a few minutes , enjoying the chance to relax , before Susie said : ‘ Come on , then , how did you get on ?
Find anything interesting ? ’


Doug took another swig of his wine and then laid the glass aside .


‘ You could say that , ’ he said , then went on to tell her what Rab had told him about McGinty .
Susie ate as he talked , but when he mentioned that McGinty had been a dealer for Tommy Croal , her fork stopped halfway to her mouth .


‘ What ? ’
Doug asked , trying not to laugh .
She looked like a kid who had just been told Santa did n’t exist .
‘ Something I said ? ’


She laid her bowl aside , leant over and dug a file out of her bag then passed it to Doug .
‘ You never saw that , ’ she said .
‘ But I think you may find it interesting . ’


Doug flipped the file open , starting reading .
Lizzie Renwick ’s record .
He skimmed through it , stopped and then looked up .


‘ She was a dealer , too ? ’ he said .


‘ Yup , ’ Susie replied .
‘ She was busted dealing at a club in Lothian Road back in ’ 88 , when there was a big anti - drugs crackdown . ’


Doug did a quick sum in his head .
‘ So she was eighteen at the time ? ’


‘ Yeah , ’ Susie nodded .
‘ The judge took pity on her , gave her six months as it was “ only ” speed and hash she was dealing that time .
She went straight back to it , got busted again in ’ 91 , then went to work with Katherine at the gallery a while later . ’


‘ Think this is linked to her murder ? ’


‘ I wish I knew , ’ Susie replied .
‘ It might be , but I do n’t see how .
Unless she was dealing again , she ’d been away from that scene for a long time , so anyone who wanted to settle a score with her had plenty of opportunity to do it before now . ’


‘ Unless they had n’t been able to until now ? ’


‘ You mean McGinty ? ’
Susie asked .
‘ Maybe , maybe not .
Whoever killed her , they were looking for something .
They beat the shit out of her to get something and then tore the gallery apart when she either would n’t or could n’t tell them , but left the cash and business chequebook behind .
Even if McGinty did know her from her days as a dealer , and from what you ’ve said there ’s a good chance he did , it does n’t explain why he would kill her and just leave the cash .
What the hell could he want from an art gallery ? ’


Doug finished his wine .
He wanted another glass .
‘ I do n’t know , ’ he said .
‘ Hopefully I ’ll get some answers later . ’


‘ Oh , how ’s that ? ’


‘ Rab MacFarlane , ’ Doug said cautiously .
He did n’t think Susie was going to like what he was about to tell her .
‘ He ’s set up a meeting for me later tonight with Kevin Tomlin , one of the guys McGinty worked at the Passionata Sauna with . ’


Susie sat forward .
‘ You know it should be me that ’s going along to speak to him ? ’ she asked .


Doug shook his head .
‘ If it was you going , he would n’t even open the door .
It ’s a bloody miracle Rab managed to get me an invite .
These guys hate cops , Susie .
Sure , you could get a warrant and search the place , but then what ?
It ’s been a long time since McGinty worked there , and these guys might develop a case of amnesia just to piss you off . ’


Susie sighed huffily , sat back in the couch .
Doug could have sworn she was pouting .
‘ Do n’t worry , ’ he said , ‘ I ’ll call you first thing in the morning , let you know if I find anything interesting . ’


‘ That before or after you write it up for the _Tribune_ ? ’


Doug remembered Rab ’s warning .
_This is serious shit , the people involved are not exactly hungry for publicity . _


‘ Before , ’ he said .
‘ Definitely before . ’


* Chapter 40 Chapter 40 { { { 1 # 40


‘ So , Derek , what the fuck are you going to do now ? ’


There was no answer , only the drone of cars from the street outside .
He had n’t expected one though , seeing as he was alone .


He was back in Cairneyhill , standing behind the bar where he had worked until only a few short weeks ago .
He had , he thought , been happy here .
Comfortably anonymous , getting on with things , biding his time until he could collect what he was due and build a new life .
Until his past had caught up with him , and he had been chased out of the village by locals baying for his blood , calling him a monster and a bastard and a rapist .


He did n’t blame them .


He thought back , remembering Linda Buchan ’s reaction when he had told her .
It was as though she were a fragile bird he had taken in his hand and crushed .
He had never seen a person crumple like that before , face twisted by horror and sorrow .
She had fallen to her knees , face a dusky purple as tears streamed down her face .
She did n’t want to hear what he had to say , did n’t want to acknowledge what she was being told .
But she believed him .
He could see it in her eyes .


And as Linda sat there in the middle of the floor , hugging herself and sobbing as though he had just plunged a knife into her guts , Derek understood .
This was what he had put his mother through for the last twelve years .
Every time a reporter called at the door , every time he made another headline or the case was featured in the news .
This was what she endured .


He fled , driving like a maniac , half - hoping the police would catch him there and then and get it over with .


But they did n’t , and he was left aimlessly driving around , trying to think what to do next .
They would be guarding Buchan now , there would be no way of getting to him .
Unless …


It had taken him less than an hour to get to Fife .
It was still daylight when he arrived and , knowing the pub did n’t shut till 11pm , he stopped in Dunfermline , the first large town after the Forth Road Bridge .
Dunfermline had once been Scotland ’s capital , a town inhabited by kings and queens .
Today , the closest it got to royalty was a shopping centre called the Kingsgate .


He parked at the bottom of the town and headed for Pitreavie Park , a large communal expanse of greenery where families brought their children to enjoy the swings or feed the squirrels and peacocks that made the park their home .
He lost himself there for a few hours , trying not to think of anything until it grew dark .
By the time he left , the park gates had been shut , but it was simple enough to hop over them .
A ten - minute ride later and he was in Cairneyhill .
The pub had been ludicrously easy to break into , the stupid bastards had n’t even bothered to change the alarm code since he worked there .


Now he stood behind the bar , the only light in the pub being the glow of streetlights prodding through the windows .
He dismantled the rack of spirits that sat on the wall behind the bar , uncorking each of the bottles and sitting them gently on the bar top .
Went over to one of the booths opposite the bar , paused , then took down the picture that hung on the wall there .
He had put it there himself about three months ago .
It might has well have been another lifetime .


He went to the cleaning cupboard in a small alcove behind the bar and found a broom handle and cleaning cloth .


The bottles shattered like movie props when he swung the broom handle , the noise very loud .
He wondered if anyone outside had heard him , found he did n’t care .
The smell of spilled spirit was cloying , overpowering , and clawed at his eyes and back of his throat .
He glanced at the picture , which he had propped next to the door .
Tears began to roll slowly down his cheeks .
He told himself they were from the fumes .


Heading for the door , he bundled the cloth into a bottle of vodka he had saved , leaving a ragged end popping out so the bottle looked like a crude candle .
He lit the wick and threw the bottle at the bar .


The effect was instant .
There was a dull whump as the bottle hit the bar and the alcohol ignited , burning shards of cloth spraying out .
Bright blue and orange flames leapt from the bar as the spirits ignited .
The flames spread quickly , racing across the bar hungrily before spitting out onto the stools , the carpet , the walls .
Derek picked up the picture and turned for the door , the heat from the fire baking into his back .
He hurried out to the small , deserted car park at the back of the pub and got into the car , watching as the flames danced and capered behind the windows of the bar .
When the first window exploded from the heat , he started the engine and drove away , taking his time , not wanting to be too inconspicuous .


He heard the first fire engine screaming to the scene as he drove down the main street and smiled .
The police would follow shortly , full of questions and quickly pinning the blaze on him ; revenge for being driven out of the village .
No doubt the news of what had happened would reach Edinburgh soon enough .


That suited Derek just fine .


* Chapter 41 Chapter 41 { { { 1 # 41


Kevin Tomlin looked like he had been born in a gym and fed a constant diet of weights and steroids ever since .
To Doug he was a six - foot wall of solid muscle .
He wore a tight black T - shirt that accentuated every bulge and ripple , while his thick forearms and biceps were riddled with a mapwork of veins .
Coupled with the severe military - style cropped hair , dark unblinking eyes and overhanging forehead that would put a Neanderthal to shame , the overall effect was n’t exactly soothing , especially given Doug ’s situation .


He was sitting in a small back office at the Executive Club , which was in a fairly affluent side street off London Road .
It was , Doug supposed , in a prime location to ply its trade ; there were four or five hotels nearby that catered to business travellers , while a large assurance company had its offices only a ten - minute walk away .
Nobody would raise an eyebrow to anyone walking in the front door , which – with its discreet brass plate saying ‘ _Non - Members welcome_ ’ and brass - set buzzer – could have passed for any other business .


It was only when you heard the heavy bolts slide clear as the door was opened by a man who had obviously been raised in the same gym as Tomlin , you realised the club was something else .


He had been ushered into a large lounge area , complete with plush leather sofas , tasteful decorations and a small bar in the corner .
A few men were sitting in the soft - lit lounge , having a drink and talking to each other or the women that were fluttering about , perfect hair and make - up complemented by their fixed smiles .


To Doug , the oldest of them looked to be about twenty - two , if that .


What surprised him most was what the women were wearing ; standard issue evening gowns and business suits , with not a negligee or bra strap in sight .
But then , Doug thought , that was the whole point of the place – subtlety , discretion .
Those who could afford to come to Executive Club valued the privacy of their pleasure .
It was a long way from the Passionata Sauna where Derek and Tomlin had worked together , which Rab had described as little more than a three - roomed cupboard in Fountainbridge where the walls shook and you could hear the moans every time a punter asked for ‘ extras ’ .


Tomlin had arrived a few moments later .
He ’d said nothing when he lumbered up to Doug , just beckoned for him to follow and led him to the office .
He sat across the table from Doug now , glaring .
As Rab had said , he would talk to Doug as a favour , but that did n’t mean he had to like it .


‘ So , ’ he said finally , his voice surprisingly soft for his massive frame , ‘ Rab tells me you wanted to ask a few questions about Derek McGinty ? ’


‘ Yeah , that ’s right , ’ Doug said .
His voice was calm and even , his guts anything but .
‘ I just wanted to see if you could tell me a bit more about him . ’


‘ Like what ? ’
Tomlin asked .
Doug could feel the suspicion rolling off him in waves .
Christ , what had Rab done to get this guy to speak to him ?


Doug took a deep breath , trying to keep calm .
No point beating around the bush , he had to ask the question , especially in light of what Susie had told him .


He handed a picture over the table to Tomlin .
‘ Was this girl ever a dealer for Derek ? ’


Tomlin studied the picture , eyes flicking between it and Doug .
‘ Yeah , ’ he said handing back the picture of Lizzie Renwick that Susie had given to Doug earlier .
‘ Thin Lizzie , that ’s what we used to call her .
She used to deal for Derek in the clubs on the West End . ’


Doug felt like he had won the lottery .
So they did know each other .
‘ Any idea how they met ? ’


‘ Yeah , at the Passionata , ’ Tomlin said .
‘ Lizzie was already working there when Derek and I started .
He was just starting to … ’
He paused , stretching for the right word . ‘ … to do business for Mr Cr … the boss , and he asked Lizzie to do a bit of trade for him .
She jumped at it .
Never did think she was much for the sauna business , anyway . ’


Doug nodded , Susie ’s words echoing in his mind .
_Why would he kill her and leave the cash ? _


‘ How did they get on , ever any problems ? ’


Tomlin laughed .
The sound made Doug feel like bolting for the door .
‘ Problems ? ’ he snorted .
‘ You must be fuckin ’ joking , pal .
There are always problems in this business .
Not selling your quota , getting ripped off by customers , other dealers , the pigs .
It ’s not like selling insurance or something , pal .
If you do n’t hit your target here , you ’re in the shit . ’


‘ And was Lizzie in shit with Derek a lot ? ’


‘ No more than any of the other girls , ’ Tomlin said .
‘ And besides , Derek was always a little soft on her , anyway . ’


Doug looked up .
‘ Oh , why ’s that ? ’


Tomlin looked over at him sharply .
_Do n’t push it , pal_ , his gaze said .


‘ Look , please , ’ Doug said .
‘ I really need to know .
Rab said you might be able to help me , so help me . ’
Doug did n’t like using Rab ’s name , but he needed answers .


Tomlin sighed , crossing his arms and rubbing his biceps gently as though they were good luck charms .
In his line of work , maybe they were .
‘ Lizzie looked after someone for him , okay ?
He never gave a name , but he brought her in once , about six months before he got done for … you know . ’


Doug nodded .
Bethany Miller .
He knew alright .


‘ Anyway , ’ Tomlin said , ‘ Derek said the girl was one of his regulars who ’d flipped out in one of the clubs he worked .
She was all fucked up on something , puking up and shaking like she was about to have a fit , was in a really bad way .
Said the boss of the club wanted her out of the way .
Anyway , he put her in one of the rooms in the back , got Lizzie to take care of her .
After that , he always looked out for Lizzie , gave her the easy patches to work , always made sure she was covered if she came up short . ’


Doug ’s pulse was roaring in his ears .
_Could it be ? _
He handed over the picture of Derek and Katherine together .
‘ Was this the girl you saw that night ? ’


Tomlin studied it for a long moment .
Doug held his breath , waiting for the answer .


‘ Yeah , that ’s her , ’ he said finally .
Doug had to bite back a roar of success .
‘ Do n’t know what it was about her , but she got to Derek , that ’s for sure . ’


‘ Oh , how ’s that ? ’


‘ He was a cold bastard , ’ Tomlin replied simply , as though it answered all Doug ’s questions .
When he saw that it did n’t , he sighed .
‘ If someone got out of line , he would knock fuck out of them , no questions asked .
I saw him beat the shit out of a guy with a coat stand one night , he never even broke a sweat . ’


‘ But how does that … ? ’


‘ I ’ m fuckin ’ getting to it , okay ?
Derek did not give a fuck about anyone other than himself .
When he first brought the kid in , I thought it was just because he knew that her dying would be bad for business , and he could n’t take the risk of dumping her at the hospital and then blabbing about where she got her drugs . ’


‘ But it was more than that ? ’


‘ Not at the time , ’ Tomlin said , raw impatience in his voice .
Doug did n’t think he would be sitting in the office for much longer .
‘ It was afterwards .
He kept on calling her to make sure she was okay , told me she had had a hard time and he was going to try and help her .
And then he started asking around town , looking for someone . ’


‘ Oh ? ’
Doug ’s curiosity muffled the growing alarm bells in his mind .
Tomlin wanted him out of here .
Fine , he would go .
Just one more question .
‘ Any idea who he was looking for ? ’


Tomlin glared at Doug .
It looked as if he were trying to figure out how much shit he would get from Rab if he just beat Doug senseless .
‘ He never mentioned any names , ’ he said , his voice icy , ‘ but he gave me the description of the guy he was looking for , asked me to pass it around the town .
We tracked him down to his local about a month later . ’


‘ What did the guy he was after look like ? ’
Doug asked , before he had a chance to stop himself .
‘ Where did Derek find him ? ’


Tomlin clenched his fists , knuckles popping .
When he started talking again , Doug was getting ready to spring from his chair and dive for the door .


After a minute , he was rooted to the spot , unable to move , pinned to the chair by the shock of what Tomlin was telling him , and the weight of what it meant .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Susie fumbled for the phone when it started ringing , dragging her from a deep sleep .
She glanced at her bedside clock . 3.12am .
Doug could pick his times .


‘ Hello ? ’ she mumbled , not opening her eyes .


‘ Drummond ?
Sorry to bother you at this hour .
You awake ? ’


Susie ’s eyes snapped open .
‘ Yes , sir , ’ she said , sitting up in bed .
What the hell was Burns doing phoning her at this time in the morning ?
‘ What ’s up ? ’


‘ We ’ve just had a call from Fife .
Apparently , the Jamieson Arms in Cairneyhill was torched earlier this evening .
Looks like someone used the booze in the pub as an accelerant .
There ’s not much more than a smoking pit left . ’


Jamieson Arms ?
Susie groped for the name , knowing it was familiar .
‘ Hold on , ’ she said , ‘ is n’t that the pub McGinty was working at ? ’


‘ Exactly , ’ Burns said .
His voice was rough with lack of sleep .
‘ Witness put a dark blue saloon at the scene at around the time the fire started .
Ring any bells ? ’


Dark blue saloon ?
Oh yes .
‘ You mean the same as was seen driving away after McGinty visited Linda Buchan ? ’


‘ Right .
What we do n’t know is if this means that he ’s left Edinburgh and decided to settle a few old scores on the way in lieu of getting his money from Buchan , or whether this is something else .
I ’ m having a staff briefing at 6am to see if we can come up with some answers . ’


‘ Right , sir , no problem . ’
Susie glanced at her clock again .
Less than three hours .
‘ See you then . ’


Susie hung up .
She turned over in bed , tried to settle down and not let her racing mind stop her sleeping .
On an impulse , she sat back up and pulled the phone from its wall socket , switched her mobile off .
If Doug had found out anything of great importance , he could tell her in the morning .
Right now , she needed to sleep .


* Chapter 42 Chapter 42 { { { 1 # 42


Doug sat in the departure lounge , drumming his fingers , waiting .
He had a paper open in front of him , and was trying to see how long he could pretend he was reading it before his mind strayed back to last night .
His record was forty seconds .


After leaving Tomlin at about 3am , his first impulse had been to just hit the road .
It would only have taken about five hours to get there at that time , the roads quiet with only the occasional long - distance lorry or car for company .
But five hours there meant five hours or more back , and if his suspicions were confirmed , that was five hours he did n’t want to waste .


He had tried to phone Susie to tell her what he had found , but her landline was permanently engaged and her mobile was diverting to her answering service .
After the third failed attempt he left a cursory message asking her to phone him as soon was possible , then headed for the _Tribune_ and his computer .
He logged on , printed off everything he needed , then pulled up the internet and booked a no - frills flight .
It was n’t that cheap as he was flying the same day – the first flight he could get was 7am – but he booked it on his credit card without hesitating .
He could worry about expenses later .


After getting everything arranged and sending an e - mail to Walter explaining where he had gone , there was nothing to do but wait .
Rather than head home he drove to the airport , which was only five minutes from the industrial park that the _Tribune_ ’ s office ’s were in , parked up in the long - stay car park and headed for the terminal .
He checked in then headed for the lounge , snagging a paper on his way in a vain attempt to keep himself from watching the clock .


Doug had never liked flying .
He hated the roar of the engines on take - off , the sickening lurch in his stomach as the plane suddenly lifted at a ludicrous angle so the people at the front looked like they were on an escalator about two floors up from the people at the back .
But still , there was a morbid curiosity that forced him to look out of the window as the plane took off , wondering what would happen if the engines suddenly spluttered into silence and the plane nose - dived for the ground .
But today , he was willing the announcer to call his flight .
He wanted , _needed_ , to be moving , to get verification for what he now thought he knew .
If he was right , it explained a lot , including why he had been beaten up outside his flat and warned off McGinty in the first place .


Giving up on the paper with a frustrated sigh , Doug ’s eyes drifted to the bar .
It was only 5am , but he could get a drink , thanks to the 24 - hour licensing of airport premises .
You could drink when most people were curled up in their beds .


He headed for the bar , decided against a beer and opted for coffee instead .
It was hot , bitter and extravagantly overpriced , but at least the caffeine rush would keep him awake .
He could try and sleep on the flight .
It was a short up - and - down , but it gave him enough time to grab a nap .
Somehow , he did n’t think he would .


Susie ’s number was still engaged when he tried it again , the mobile still switched off .


At 6.10am his flight was finally called and he switched his phone off as he headed for the plane .
The flight took off on time , just as cold , watery light was seeping through the dusky purple of the night sky .
Doug took a window seat but for once he did n’t look out at the ground as it dropped away sickeningly .
He kept his eyes straight ahead , willing the plane to get up in the air and carry him to his destination .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Burns ’ briefing did n’t last long .
He handed out copies of the police report from the fire at the Jamieson Arms to the officers , filling in the blanks with what he had managed to glean first hand after talking with the Pcs who were first on the scene .


The most popular opinion was that , after tipping his hand by confronting Linda Buchan , Derek decided to cut his losses and run .
He would have known the police would be after him , seen his description and photograph in the newspapers and on the TV .
There was a theory that he was heading north or maybe across to Stranraer for the ferry to Belfast and had stopped in on the way to say a little thank you to his former employers and the town that had turned on him .
Forces across the UK had been alerted to the fact McGinty could turn up on their doorsteps ; descriptions of him and the vehicle he had been seen in circulated .


Susie read over the description of the car .
There was something about it that was niggling at her .
A dark blue saloon , fairly upmarket .
Nothing matching the description seemed to fit the missing car database for the Lothian and Borders region , so where had McGinty got it ?
It was possible he had bought it with the money he blackmailed out of Katherine , but Susie did n’t think he would be stupid enough to blow a large chunk of the only cash he had on a car , especially a flash one , when he had already proved he could steal one .


Assignments were divvied up , Susie volunteering to recheck McGinty ’s known associates to see if they could think of anyone he might head for .
After that , she would head for the McGintys to see if they could think of anyone their son might visit .
Normally , she would have just phoned them , but after all the trouble he was getting from the press Sam McGinty had taken to ignoring his phone .


She hoped Doug could help her after his meeting last night , and that he had managed to get away unscathed .
She wished she had insisted on going with him , but knew logically that he had been right .
If she had tagged along , they would have got nothing .
At least this way , they had a chance .
All she had to do was trust him to share .


Back at her desk , she switched her mobile back on and it beeped to tell her she had a message .
It was from Doug , asking her to call him .
Her answerphone told her the message had been received at 3.20am .
What could he have found that he thought was important enough to call her at that time ?
A brief moment of panic at the thought he had been attacked again .
But no , could n’t be .
If it was that , he would n’t have sounded so calm .


She hit the redial button and waiting , tutting when she was diverted to Doug ’s own message service .
She left a brief message that she was returning his call then got back to her paperwork .


* Chapter 43 Chapter 43 { { { 1 # 43


Hal sat at the kitchen table , gently bouncing Jennifer in his arms as he fed her the first bottle of the morning .
His phone sat on the table , switched to speaker , waiting for the meeting to start .


Jonathan had called him last night , begging him to take the conference call .
‘ It ’s Mr Buchan , ’ he explained , his tone pitch - perfect worried schoolboy .
‘ He ’s demanded a meeting with the parliamentary party , insisted that you were part of it . ’


Hal massaged his eyes , sighed .
‘ But he accepted the statement and agreed the leave of absence , Jonathan , what does he want me involved for ?
I got the feeling he did n’t really like me when we met . ’


‘ I do n’t know , ’ Jonathan replied , voice pleading .
‘ He just insisted we get you on a conference call .
So will you ?
Please ? ’


In a stupid move for someone in PR , Hal let his conscience get the better of him and agreed .
After all , if he and refused and was n’t there , he could imagine Buchan being enough of a shit to take it out on Jonathan .


So now he sat at his kitchen table – his daughter staring at him intently as she suckled on her bottle – waiting for the squabbling to begin .


‘ Mr Damon , thank you for taking part in this meeting this morning , ’ Fraser Duncan , the Tory whip , said .
‘ We appreciate your time this morning . ’


‘ Not a problem , ’ Hal replied .
‘ Though to be honest , Fraser , I ’ m not sure what I can add .
I was brought on board purely to advise the party .
Now that ’s done .
I do n’t see what else I can contribute . ’


‘ Well , ah … ’
Fraser began .


‘ I ’ll tell you what you can contribute , Mr Damon , ’ Buchan said , the anger in his voice seeming to fill Hal ’s kitchen .
‘ Now that I ’ve agreed to your leave of absence , you can tell us all how you intend to announce my return to work in a month ’s time . ’


A month ?
Hal thought .
Nice to see he was giving himself and his wife the time they needed to grieve .
Wanker .


‘ Ah , good morning , Mr Buchan , ’ he said .
‘ I ’ m sorry to say , that ’s not my job , sir .
As I said , I was hired purely to advise during this difficult … ’


‘ Not your job ? ’
Buchan sneered .
Hal thought he could hear Jonathan squirm in the background .
‘ You put me in this position .
I ’ve agreed for the good of the party .
But I will not allow you to leave me or my career adrift like this .
Do I make myself clear ? ’


The good of the party ?
Hal thought .
Typical politician , rewrite history to his own advantage , make himself look like the selfless public servant and Hal the big bad PR man who had heartlessly sacrificed him .


‘ What is clear , Mr Buchan , ’ Hal replied , fighting to keep his voice level as the anger spread pins and needles across the back of his head , ‘ is you agreed to take a back seat at a time when media interest in you and your family would be an unnecessary intrusion .
What you choose to do politically from now on is your concern .
However , I think a month is a … ’
Hal struggled for a polite way to put it .
Failed .
Fuck it . ‘ … an insensitively brief period of time for you and your wife to mourn the loss of your daughter .
If you want to return to work before that time , that ’s a matter for you and your colleagues .
Not me . ’


‘ Well ? ’
Buchan snapped .
‘ What do you say , Fraser ?
Will you support me ?
Or are you going to go with this poo … poor judgement . ’


Hal smiled in spite of himself .


‘ Well , ah … ’
Fraser began .
‘ I think it ’s the party ’s view that Mr Damon ’s advice has been hugely helpful , and we ’d be guided by him on how best to handle this , for the good of everyone concerned . ’


‘ Are you telling me , ’ Buchan snarled , his voice growing cold , ‘ that you are siding with this … this … man ’s opinion over me ?
After everything I ’ve done for the party ? ’


Fraser sounded like an old car trying to start as he cleared his throat .
‘ Now , Richard , please , we ’re not saying that at all .
We ’re just saying … ’


‘ You ’re just saying I can go fuck myself .
I ’ve lost my daughter , my wife has been terrorised in her own home , and now you ’re telling me my own party will not support me ?
Well fuck you , Fraser , we ’ll see what the party chiefs have to say about this . ’


‘ I can save you the time , Mr Buchan , ’ Hal cut in .
‘ I spoke to Edward Hobbes at Tory HQ last night , and explained the whole situation to him . ’
He paused , allowing the meaning of what he had just said to sink in with Buchan .
‘ And he agrees with me that , given the situation and the issues that may be raised , an extended absence would be best .
What happens after that is between you , the party and your constituency . ’


‘ You little shit , ’ Buchan snarled .
‘ You think you ’ve got all the answers , do n’t you ?
Well , let me promise you , you have n’t heard the last of this , you … ’


‘ I sincerely hope I have , ’ Hal said , voice hardening .
Jennifer was getting to the end of her bottle , he did n’t want her to be sucking on air and giving herself wind .
‘ Otherwise , I might have to discuss the matter in greater detail with interested parties .
I would n’t suggest you make this situation into more of a _car crash_ that it already is , Mr Buchan .
We would n’t want anyone else getting caught in the headlights of bad press and knocked down by it . ’


On the other end of the line , he heard Buchan snatching in his breath , imagined him gearing up for a rant .
Decided to deny him the chance .


‘ Fraser , pass my regards to Jonathan , will you ?
If you need anything else , just get in touch . ’
Before anyone could say anything else , he cut the line .


He got up and walked around the room with Jenifer on his shoulder , patting her back gently to burp her .
Turning the conversation over in his head .
Was it grief that was driving Buchan to this ?
He had lost his daughter , was damned if he was going to lose his career .
Hal did n’t think so .
It was more likely that he was a career politician ; that his work was his life and his family was an afterthought .


Poor bastard , Hal thought , smiling as Jennifer burped loudly in his ear .
He walked back to the table , switched the phone off .
Decided he was having a day with Colin and Jennifer .
The job could wait .


* Chapter 44 Chapter 44 { { { 1 # 44


Warehouses and shopping centres passed by , eventually giving way to dense terraces of housing laid out in long , almost military lines that stretched back up the hill .
The red - brick and slate - tile architecture reminded Doug of the old mining homes he had seen in Newtongrange in Midlothian , where an entire village and style of home had sprung up around a mine .
He supposed it was n’t so different here .
Steel or coal , the need for homes was the same .


The taxi driver pulled up in a narrow cobbled street that stretched like a crooked finger up a winding hill .
Cars crammed every available parking space in the street on both sides , some bumped up on pavements to squeeze in to even the tightest of spaces .
At the end of the terrace two houses had been knocked together and modified to create a pub called the Auckland Arms .
It was trying to be a traditional community pub , but the two - for - one meal banners and sign that screamed ‘ _All Premiership matches LIVE on our big screen_ ’ gave it away as another chain pub looking for authenticity .


Doug paid for his taxi then stood for a moment looking at the house .
What if it had been a wasted trip ?
What if there was no one home ?
It was n’t as if he could take the chance and call ahead .
Only one way to find out .
He walked to the door , took a deep breath and rung the bell .
Waited anxiously for a response , felt his stomach clench when he heard footsteps shuffle to the door .


A bolt slid clear , then the soft clatter of a chain being fumbled away from the door .
He was reminded of Sam McGinty the day he had thrown him out .
The rage , the sorrow .
He did n’t blame the man .


The door opened slowly and then she was there , standing right in front of him .
She had put on some weight , changed her hair and was wearing glasses , but Doug recognised her , could see the woman she had been peeking out from behind the years .


‘ Hello , Bethany , ’ he said .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Sam was in the kitchen making a cup of tea for Rita when the doorbell rang .
He cursed softly , dropped the teabag into the pot and then made for the door , looking out of the window before he opened it .
There were n’t many reporters there now , most of them had cleared out yesterday when the news broke that Derek had attacked that Buchan woman in her home .


Despite himself , Sam wished Derek would come home , or at least try to get in touch .
It was the ferocity of that hug he had given him the other night – the desperation .
He knew his son had done terrible things , but he also knew he had paid for them .
Now he was alone out there , being hounded like an animal .
It was no excuse for terrifying a grieving woman in her home , but , for all Sam knew , all Derek was trying to do was offer his condolences to the mother of a woman he had been in love with .
It was a hollow excuse , Sam knew , but it was all he had .
And besides , was n’t that what parents did , always believe in the best of their children ?


The man at the door had a baseball cap pulled tight over his head , hiding most of his face .
But from his build and clothing – a tatty pair of jeans and a battered leather jacket – Sam did n’t think he was a reporter .
And so what if he was ?
He would get the same treatment all the rest of them had .


He swung the door open , leaving the chain on .
‘ Morning .
Can I help you ? ’


‘ Oh , I hope so , Mr McGinty , ’ the man said .
When he raised his head , Sam gasped .
His face was a diseased mess of bruising and cuts .
Charlie smiled at Sam ’s reaction , revealing the jagged , shattered remains of his teeth .
He had to fight back the urge to laugh .


‘ Yes , ’ he said softly .
‘ Terrible , is n’t it , Mr McGinty ?
Your son is such a violent man .
Now , do me a favour and let me in will you , I ’ m catching my death out here . ’


‘ Fuck off , ’ Sam whispered .
‘ You ’re not setting a foot in my house . ’


‘ Oh , but I am Mr McGinty , one way or another . ’
Sam felt his bowels loosen as Charlie raised the gun from his inside jacket pocket , holding it tight against his body so no one behind him could see .
‘ Now open the door or I ’ll blow your fuckin ’ head off and do it myself . ’


Sam fumbled for the chain with numb fingers .
His eyes darted around the hall desperately , looking for a weapon .
That was a joke , what could he use against a gun ?
What could he do ?
Oh sweet Jesus , Rita was upstairs .
If she saw this , along with everything else …
He tried to hold the door closed , staggered back when Charlie shoved it open .


‘ Thanks , ’ he said as he stepped into the house , closed the door and raised the gun fully .


‘ I take it your wife ’s home ?
And do n’t lie or … ’
Charlie trained the gun on Sam ’s head .


Sam staggered back , eyes locked on the black void at the centre of the gun barrel .
It felt as if there were an invisible finger poking out from it , stabbing him in the forehead where the bullet would enter his skull .
He fought to breathe against the overwhelming weight that seemed to have landed on his chest .


‘ Yuh … ’ he coughed .
His tongue felt thick and dead .
‘ Yes … she ’s … ’


‘ Good , ’ Charlie snapped .
‘ Let ’s go and get her .
Then you can tell me where the phone is .
After all , it would be a shame if Derek missed the party . ’


* Chapter 45 Chapter 45 { { { 1 # 45


The name jumped out of the background reports , snapping Susie from the sleep - deprived stupor she had been lulled into by the heat of the office and boring reading matter .


Charlie Morris .


He and Derek had been doormen together back in the early Nineties , working some of the rougher clubs in town where drinks were usually ridiculously cheap and teeth were swept up at the end of the night along with the plastic pint glasses and used condoms .
They had , according to the reports , worked together until McGinty had been jailed for attacking Bethany Miller , at which time Charlie had gone solo .
The rumour was that he was now hired muscle with a select clientele , collecting bad debts or dealing with awkward problems for the right price .


Charlie Morris , famed for making off from the scene of the crime in a high - powered car .
A dark - blue seven series BMW , just like the one seen screaming away from the Buchans ’ home the day Derek had paid a visit .
The day Susie had seen a familiar face on the Royal Mile when she had met Buchan .
A face she had n’t placed at first because of the way it was twisted and swollen , a jigsaw of angry - looking bruises and cuts .
She flipped through the file quickly , fishing a mugshot of Charlie .
No doubt .
It was him .


Had McGinty got in touch with Morris , asking for his help ?
Were they working together again , trying to blackmail Buchan for a share of the cash ?
But if that was the case , why would Charlie have been following Buchan while Derek had visited the family home to demand money ?
A back - up , or was it something else ?


Those bruises , the way he had looked …
Doug ’s words : _It ’s not the first time a politician has tried to sweep a problem under the carpet . _


The thought jolted the last of the exhaustion from her .
She brushed the reports aside , lunging for the computer and her contacts file .
Found the number she wanted and stabbed it into the phone , willing the person at the other end to pick up .


‘ Hello , Prestonview police station . ’


‘ Sergeant Allan ?
Hi .
DS Susie Drummond , Gayfield police station .
Look , sorry to bother you , but I heard you had a bit of trouble out that way a couple of days ago , something about a car being vandalised and a knife being found ? ’


Allan mumbled a yes down the phone .
From his tone , Susie could tell it was n’t his favourite subject .


‘ I was just wondering what you could tell me about that ? ’


‘ Not much , ’ he said .
‘ We found a lot of blood and a member of the public handed in a large knife they said was found at the scene . ’


‘ Let me guess , ’ Susie said , referring to the reports in front of her , ‘ Lock knife , heavy brass butt , about ten inches long , immaculate condition ? ’


‘ How did you know that ? ’
Allan asked quickly , his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper .
‘ Have you been talking to that damn reporter ? ’


Doug .
Again .
Clever wee git .


‘ No , ’ she said .
‘ But it matches the description of one of our familiar faces ’ preferred weapon .
Look , I know you found McGinty ’s prints on the knife , but did you find anything else ? ’


Papers rustled at the other end of the line as Allan flicked through the report .
‘ We did find other prints on the knife , residuals , smudged .
Could n’t get a proper look .
But we did get lucky with one thing . ’


‘ Oh , what ’s that ? ’


‘ The tyres of the car that was vandalised were slashed .
We checked the hubcaps for prints , came up with a couple of good ones . ’


Bingo .
‘ Let me guess , Charlie Morris ? ’


‘ Why , yes . ’
Suspicion shimmered in Allan ’s voice .
‘ But how did you … ? ’


Susie cut the line .
Not entirely professional , but she needed to think and Allan ’s paranoid chattering was n’t helping .


So Derek and Charlie had clashed in Prestonview and , from what Susie had seen , Charlie had come off worse .
Old score to settle , or had someone hired Charlie to make sure Derek did n’t cause any more trouble or , worse , ask for any money ?


Buchan ’s words now .
_I thought it was for the best . _


Jesus , would he be that ruthless ?
And how the hell did a QC know a lowlife like Morris , anyway ?
A career was a career , but …


But …


The photographs in his office ; only one family picture , a trophy shot , the rest of the walls dominated by images of Richard Buchan , the successful politician .
And then there was the way he ‘ helped ’ Katherine fight her drug addiction – bundling her off to a community drug programme in one of the rougher areas of town under an assumed name , where no one would blink or ask questions when another young girl came in off the street with a heroin problem .
All to make sure the media did n’t find out , that nothing touched his spotless reputation .


Had it been Charlie who had visited Doug that night ?
Had to be .
It would be enough to scare Doug off , keep his secret safe .
What Buchan had n’t counted on was someone sending Doug the photograph , and Doug being able to track down the people in it .


Susie logged off her computer and headed for her car .
She wanted to get to Prestonview , find out if Derek had met with his parents the night he had run into Charlie Morris .
And then she was going to have a long chat with Richard Buchan .
And she was n’t going to leave until he gave her the answers she wanted .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


At first , Derek could n’t tell where the ringing was coming from .
With a dashboard that looked like the control panel for a space shuttle , the BMW did n’t offer any obvious clues .
But then he noticed a small red LED on the centre console by the sat - nav , and a flashing phone icon in the corner of the screen .


His finger hovered over the screen , unsure what to do .
Answer it or ignore it ?
Ah , fuck it , what harm could it do ?
He pressed the answer key .


‘ Yeah ? ’


‘ Hello , Derek . ’


‘ Charlie , how nice to hear from you , ’ Derek said , grip tightening on the wheel of the car .
So the bastard had survived .
Typical .
He always was stubborn .
‘ Listen , thanks for the loan of the car .
It ’s a beauty . ’


‘ Yeah , well , fuck you , Derek , ’ Charlie said .
His voice had a slight lisp to it .
Not surprising really , Derek thought , remembering the feeling of bone splintering against his knuckles .


‘ Well , Charlie , if there ’s nothing else … ’


‘ Fine , ’ Charlie said , his voice filling with a cloying smugness .
‘ But before you go , someone wants to say hello . ’


Derek felt the heat drain from his body as his dad ’s voice filled his ears .
‘ Son ?
Son , stay away from here , he ’s got a gun and … ’


A sickening crack , followed by his mother shrieking .
‘ Sam , Sam .
Oh Jesus , SAM ! ’


‘ CHARLIE ! ’
Derek bellowed , the car lurching as he clamped down on the wheel tighter .


‘ Yes , Derek ? ’


‘ You fucking bastard .
If you hurt them … ’


‘ Shut the fuck up , you cunt , you do n’t know anything about hurt .
But unless you get here soon , you will , understood ? ’


Silence .


‘ Understood , Derek ?
Do not fuck with me on this . ’


‘ Understood , ’ Derek hissed .
‘ I ’ m on my way . ’


‘ Good , ’ Charlie drawled .
‘ Oh , and Derek ?
Drive carefully , I ’d hate you to damage that car of mine . ’


Screaming , Derek smashed his fist into the sat - nav screen .


* Chapter 46 Chapter 46 { { { 1 # 46


Toys were strewn across the floor of Bethany Miller ’s living room like rubble .
A teddy bear sat propped up at a small table under the window , an Action Man and a doll in a flowery pink dress keeping it company .
Beside the table was a bucket of Lego bricks and what looked like the parts from a child ’s model railway .
Cartoon characters smiled down at Doug from the shelves : Bugs Bunny and Wile E Coyote rubbing shoulders with Spider - Man and some oversized blue stuffed toy clutching a red blanket .
At the small steps that led off the living room and down to the kitchen , Doug saw a child ’s safety rail .


So she had a family now .
It should have comforted Doug .
Instead , it made him feel worse .
‘ Now , Mr McGregor , was it ?
You say you ’ve come all the way from Edinburgh to see me . ’
She glanced at the large clock on the wall .
‘ I ’ve got things to do today , so I think you ’d better get to it . ’


Doug nodded , clearing his throat , stalling for time .
Now that he was actually here , he realised he had no idea how to talk to this woman .


‘ It ’s about your time in Edinburgh , ’ he said slowly , ‘ about your work at the Shore Thing Sauna . ’


Bethany ’s face darkened .
Doug had half - expected her to cry out , scream at him to get out of her home , but she did n’t .
She took off her glasses , wiped the lenses on her blouse , then set them back on her face and glared at Doug .
He could n’t read her expression .


‘ How did you find out ? ’ she asked .
Her voice was as cold as a headstone .


‘ I asked around , ’ Doug said , lying .
He did n’t want her to know the whole truth , was n’t sure she could handle it .


‘ So what do you want to know ?
Why I was working there ?
Simple answer , Mr McGregor : money .
I needed the money .
It was n’t easy being a student in Edinburgh , you know .
There are a lot of toffs at Edinburgh uni , kids whose parents have more than enough money to make sure they can have the best of everything .
My parents were well off , but they could n’t run to that , so I had to find a way to make my own cash . ’


With her looks , it was n’t a surprise that Bethany went to work in a sauna .
Clients would pay big money for her services .
Especially one client .


He thought back to Tomlin ’s words .
_We tracked him down to his local . _
At first Doug had thought that was a pub .
It did n’t take long to realise what Tomlin really meant .


‘ You had a special client , did n’t you , Bethany ?
Someone who would ask exclusively for you and paid a lot of money for the privilege . ’


Anger flashed in Bethany ’s eyes .
‘ So what if I did ? ’ she whispered .
‘ Look , Mr McGregor , I think you should be … ’


Doug held up his hand .
‘ Please , just give me a minute .
It ’s important .
Your special customer , did he ever give you his name ? ’


Bethany stared at Doug for a minute , hand playing restlessly with a loose strand of hair that had fallen down at the side of her ear .
‘ He only ever called himself Roger , ’ she said slowly .
‘ Look , what is this all about ? ’
She glanced across at the mantelpiece , a picture of her and a man – older - looking , tall , the first hints of a double chin being pulled tight by an open smile that narrowed his eyes to slits .
‘ My husband ’s only gone out to drop the kids at nursery , he ’ll be home soon .
And I do n’t want him knowing about this , okay ? ’


Doug looked around the room .
Nothing in here chimed with the impression of Bethany he had built up in his mind .
There was no graduation picture on the wall , and draped over the ironing board was a cleaner ’s tunic in the washed - out blue you only ever see in hospitals .
So she had never returned to study .
So much for his idea that she had completed her degree , taken a job as a teacher .


The beige sofa was tired and old , sagging in the middle , decorated with felt - tip pen marks on the arms and various stains , no doubt from children spilling drinks .
But the room itself was clean , the toys neatly packed away and there was n’t a spot of dust anywhere .
Bethany obviously took great pride in taking care of her home and family , despite a lack of spare cash .


Next to the tunic on the large pile of ironing was a pair of overalls , their original colour masked by splotches and smears of paint .
Doug glanced back at the photograph , noticed the man ’s hand that hung loosely over Bethany ’s shoulder looked rough and accustomed to hard work .


And the house , despite its careworn feel , was meticulously painted and wallpapered in a way he did n’t think this family could have afforded .
A painter , then .
Or a tradesman , at least .


There was a family portrait on the wall above the electric fireplace – the kind taken in a professional studio .
One of the children was just a babe - in - arms so it must have been taken at least a couple of years back .
Bethany was still an attractive woman , but not the way she had once been .
She looked genuinely happy in the photo .
Holding a baby – in blue , so a boy , he assumed – and an angelic girl of around two or three maybe , with a mischievous grin and tight blonde curls .


Her husband with cropped hair , broad shoulders , confident grin , tattoo just peeking out from under the sleeve of his striped polo shirt .
A military insignia ?


Next to the fireplace was a widescreen TV and an eclectic DVD collection .
_Peppa Pig_ and _Fireman Sam_ were scattered over the floor , but on the shelves was a disparate collection , from _Ross Kemp in Afghanistan_ and _Top Gear_ to box sets of the kind of costume drama his mother loved .
Doug never understood the appeal .


He shrugged off his thoughts .
Knew he was stalling for time .
‘ Is this the man who visited you ? ’ he asked , handing over one of the photo print - outs he had brought with him .


Bethany took the print , stared at it .
Her face went slack as the colour drained out of it .
She gave one , hitching sob then dropped her head , her shoulders shaking as she tried to hold in the tears .
She did n’t give Doug an answer , but he did n’t need one .
He had known since Tomlin had told him about the man who McGinty had been searching for all those years ago .
A bit under six - foot tall with the stocky body of a rugby player , jet black hair , wore glasses .


Richard Buchan .


_McGinty would never say why he wanted that guy , _ Tomlin had told him .
_Just that he needed to find him , had a score to settle . _


‘ Bethany , I ’ m sorry , ’ Doug said as gently as he could .
He felt like shit for upsetting her like this .
What right had he to drag all this up , anyway ?
It was n’t as if he was a police officer , was n’t as if anything she told him was going to put away the bad guy .
No , it was all to satisfy his own bloated sense of curiosity , the hunger , the desire to get to the scoop first .
It was , he knew , an addiction .
For others it was alcohol , drugs , sex .
For Doug , it was the story .


‘ Is there anything you can tell me about him ? ’ he asked .
‘ Anything that he told you about himself , about what he did ? ’


Bethany looked up at him , eyes red rimmed with tears .
‘ Please , Mr McGregor , this is in my past .
I ’ m happy now . ’
He believed her .
She would have needed to move on , to rebuild her life .
And the only way to do that , would be to forget completely .
To blot out the horror she endured .


‘ Rory does n’t know anything about this . ’
She wiped a tear away .
Closed her eyes , took a deep breath .
‘ I have n’t thought about any of this for years , ’ she said , fixing him with a cold glare .
‘ I ’ve tried not to remember it .
Why should I now ?
For you ? ’


‘ Because I think he ’s still hurting people , ’ Doug said quietly , still holding her gaze .


‘ And you ’re going to stop him ? ’ she asked , just enough emphasis on the ‘ you ’ to make him uncomfortable .
‘ And who exactly are you ? ’


‘ As I explained on the phone , I ’ m a reporter with the … ’


‘ Yes ’ , she cut him off , ‘ I know _who_ you are , Mr McGregor .
But who are _you_ ? ’
He ’d barely started to say ‘ Bethany , please , I … ’ when she interrupted him again .


‘ Let ’s be clear , Mr McGregor .
This is a very powerful , well - connected man .
Why do you think I moved so far away ?
He might as well _be_ the police for all the good they did me .
This is n’t the kind of man to which shit sticks . ’


It was the first time she had sworn and it threw him slightly .
‘ He has people to take the shit for him .
Do his dirty work .
And he does n’t take kindly to people like me getting too uppity .
I learned that to my cost , Mr McGregor , and I ’ m not prepared to pay any more .
Just why _are_ you here and what do you want from me ? ’


She sat very still , not flinching , her steady eyes still fixed on his .
He felt they were drilling into him .
Accusing .
And then , slowly , realisation spread across her face .


‘ You ’re not really interested in him , ’ she said , brandishing the photo .
‘ This is about … about him , is n’t it ? ’


Doug nodded slowly .


‘ Yes , I think it ’s linked to who attacked you , ’ he said .
He could n’t bring himself to speak Derek ’s name in front of her .
‘ I think you might have been targeted because of the man in that photograph . ’


‘ But why ? ’
Bethany cried , tears streaming down her cheeks , her self - control lost again .


‘ I do n’t know , ’ Doug said , hating how hollow the words sounded .
‘ Is there anything you can tell me about Buc … about Roger ?
Anything that might help me understand ? ’


‘ Nuh … no , I do n’t think so , ’ Bethany said , wiping at her eyes angrily .
‘ He was always a perfect gentleman .
Came in , asked for me , tipped generously when he left . ’


Doug felt heat rise in his cheeks .
‘ And there was nothing . . . odd … about what he asked for when he visited ? ’


Bethany ’s head snapped up , defiance behind the tears .


‘ There was an incident . ’
She paused again , looking over his shoulder , into the past .


Doug waited .
Any good interviewer knew you gave people space and time if you wanted to hear what they had to say .


She sucked in her breath and diverted her gaze to a spot on the floor to his right .
She was ready to tell him , but shame would n’t allow her to look him in the eye .


‘ Like many powerful men , when he liked to relax , he liked to let go of responsibility .
Of power , of control .
To pass it on to someone else .
There were other girls who specialised in that .
But not me .
That was n’t my thing .
But that ’s what he wanted and he did n’t want them .
He wanted me .
And he was prepared to pay .
A lot .
So I gave it a go .
It began with a playful spank , a bit of ordering around .
But it got out of hand . ’


Again she paused , her eyes firmly fixed on the past now .
Barely aware that Doug was still in the room with her .


‘ He asked for more , wanted to be tied up , humiliated .
I borrowed some gear from the other girls , a gag , whip , manacles .
I started to improvise and that ’s where … it started to go wrong .


‘ I … well , let ’s just say I could n’t hear the safety word … the gag , you see … so I did n’t know .
I thought …
Well , anyway .
I thought wrong , did n’t I ? ’


She finally looked Doug in the eye and there was a wild - eyed fear about her as she recalled Buchan ’s reaction .


‘ He was furious .
Said I ’d made a grave mistake .
That I ’d regret it .
How was I to know ? ’ she implored Doug .
But he had no answer for her .


‘ He said I ’d pay for it .
But I never saw him again .
But that was it for me .
I quit the sauna the next night , and then … then … ’


She trailed off , eyes dropping again .
She did n’t say anything else .
Did n’t need to .
Doug know what came next .
All too well .


But what did it all mean ?
So Buchan liked the saunas , got a bit more than he bargained for one night when he asked to be tied up .
Was McGinty blackmailing Buchan , not Katherine , because he knew about his dirty little secret .
From what Susie had said , Katherine did n’t seem close enough to her father to pay off a blackmailer for him , but it was possible .


It was …


He stood up .
He was still missing something .
He could feel it .
But he would n’t find it here .
Not in a room with a woman who he had forced to revisit her worst nightmare .


‘ Bethany … ’
He paused , not sure what to say next .
‘ Thank you .
I … ’


Bethany stared up at him , tears glistening behind her glasses .
‘ Thank you ? ’ she whispered .
‘ I do n’t want your thanks , Mr McGregor .
I want this done .
If you think that bastard is doing something he should n’t be , I want you to get him for me .
I want you to make him pay .
You owe me that much , at least .
Do n’t you ? ’


Doug nodded .
Headed for the door .
He wanted , needed , to get out of here .
Now .


He waited as she undid the door latch , swung the door open onto a day that seemed too bright .
He stepped out , turned to say goodbye .
Saw a frown he knew from countless other interviews .


‘ What ? ’ he asked as gently as he could .
‘ Bethany , if there ’s something else .
Anything … ’


‘ It ’s nothing , ’ she said , shaking her head .
It ’s just Buchan .
When the kinky stuff started , he always made me wear a wig .
A blonde one .
And he always called me Katie .
But there ’s nothing really weird in that , is there ? ’


* Chapter 47 Chapter 47 { { { 1 # 47


As usual , the curtains were drawn tight at the McGintys ’ home .
Susie walked up the path briskly , keen to get this out of the way .
After talking with Allan , she was convinced Derek had been in touch with his parents , but if they had n’t come forward so far , she did n’t think there was anything she could say to change their minds and get them to talk now .
But then , what parent would give up their child to the police ?


The moment she left the McGintys she was going to find Richard Buchan and have a talk with him about Charlie Morris .
He could hide behind meetings and parliamentary business if he wanted , Susie did n’t care .
She would ask her questions in front of the First Minister if she had to .


Sam McGinty opened the door when she rang the bell , keeping the chain on .
The strain of everything that had happened was getting to him , she thought .
His eyes had the dark , twitchy look of a man who had n’t sleep for weeks and his skin was a sickly white that glistened with sour sweat .
When he spoke , his voice trembled .


‘ Yes ? ’


Susie showed her warrant card .
‘ Mr McGinty ?
I ’ m DS Susie Drummond .
I was wondering if I could have a quick word with you about your son ?


‘ No , not today , ’ McGinty said , his words coming in quick , clipped barks .
‘ My … ah , my wife is n’t well .
Tomorrow , come back tomorrow . ’
He began to shut the door .


Susie put her hand out , stopping him from shutting the door fully .
‘ Look , Mr McGinty , ’ she said , aiming for her best we ’re - all - friends tone .
‘ I ’ m sorry .
I realise this has been quite an ordeal for you and your wife , but this is important .
I ’ll be as brief as I can , promise . ’


‘ Go _away_ ! ’
McGinty hissed , slamming the door .
Susie staggered back , then strode forward and banged on the door with her fist .
Fuck this .
No one slammed a door in her face .


‘ Mr McGinty , ’ she shouted , ‘ open the door , sir .
I have to talk to you . Now .
If you do n’t talk to me , I can charge you with obstructing a police officer .
Is that what you want ?
To put your wife through that ? ’
It was a cheap shot but she was sick of being given the run - around .


The door swung open .
Sam McGinty stood there , shoulders hunched .
His eyes found Susie ’s and glared into them desperately .
Susie stepped into the hall .
The door slammed shut behind her .
But how could that be if Sam was … ?


There was a sickening crack as Charlie pistol - whipped her from behind , blood exploding from the wound and gushing down her neck and back .
Susie fell forward , her knees unlocking from the explosive pain and confusion .
She hit the floor heavily , heard herself grunt as the air was driven from her lungs .
Tried to get up , tried to speak .
Could n’t .
Too much effort , anyway .
The world was getting dark .
From far away , she heard Sam McGinty cry out , first when she was hit , then when he was folded over by a vicious punch .
She was dimly aware of being flipped over , and then a nightmare leered down at her .
A nightmare with a blue - green face , jagged teeth .
A monster pointing a gun between her eyes .


A monster named Charlie Morris .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Doug arrived back in Edinburgh at just after 11am , having paid a taxi driver a stupid amount of money to get him back to East Midlands Airport as soon as possible and then persuading the desk clerks in the terminal to change his return ticket for the next available flight .


Striding , almost running , back to the car , he tried Susie ’s number .
Still diverting to answer machine .
Shit .
He hung up , tried her at Gayfield and was told she was out .
The officer taking the call , who Doug could have sworn was that officious little prick Eddie King , asked if he wanted to leave a message .
Doug declined .


He drove back to the _Tribune_ offices , ready to fill Walter and Greig in on what he had found out .
As Bethany would n’t be named officially , he was n’t sure how much they could print yet , but he was damned if he was going to let Buchan stay quiet and get away with everything he had done .
Again .


He got to the newsroom , slightly out of breath from bounding up the stairs to the editorial floor three at a time , and headed for Walter .
He was expecting to have to talk Walter out of giving him a bollocking for just flying down to England at the drop of a hat , but he thought his findings would grant him a stay of execution .


But when Walter saw him , he merely nodded , his face a carefully composed mask of calm .
He held a hand up as Doug opened his mouth to speak , calming him and pointing to his desk .


‘ You got another package , ’ he said , making sure Doug understood .
Walter could n’t remember a time when he had seen McGregor so wound up .
‘ It arrived this morning . ’


Walter said something else , but Doug did n’t hear it .
It felt as though he floated to his desk , his legs were so numb .


It was a small jiffy bag , about A4 - size .
Doug sat in his chair heavily , ripped it open .
It felt as though everyone in the newsroom was watching him .
He pulled the contents of the bag out , which were accompanied by a note .
It was one line , but it spoke volumes to Doug .
‘ _This is what Lizzie Renwick died for_ , ’ it read .


Doug turned his attention back to the contents of the bag .
After a few moments , he understood .
In journalism , he had been taught that a story should always answer six basic questions : who , what , when , where , how and , most importantly , why .
He knew all of it now .
It was obvious , really .
He should have seen it sooner .
The first phone call had been the key .
And he would have seen it sooner , if he had n’t been so caught up with his obsession in finding Derek McGinty .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Susie came round slowly , a monstrous , grinding pain pounding in her head in time with her pulse .
She looked round , her neck feeling stiff and brittle and took in her surroundings .
Moving her eyes was agony .


She was slumped on the living room couch , Sam and Rita McGinty beside her .
She tried to move her hands to her head , realised they were bound tight behind her .
She tried to move her legs , found they were also tied at the ankles .
Shit , what … ?


‘ Ah , so you ’re awake , ’ Charlie Morris said as he turned from the window and looked at her .
‘ About fucking time , too . ’


‘ Morris , ’ Susie said .
Her voice sounded like a stranger ’s to her ringing ears .
‘ Do n’t do this , I know that … ’


‘ SHUT UP ! ’
Charlie bellowed , levelling the gun at Susie ’s face .
She whimpered , screwed here eyes shut and winced away .
She did n’t want to die .


‘ That ’s better , ’ he said , his voice bubbling with amusement at her terror .
‘ This is all your own fault , you know .
If you ’d done what old Sam there had asked and just left like a good little pig , you would n’t be here right now . ’


Susie hitched in her breath , biting back the scream that was clawing at the back of her throat .
She refused to give this bastard the satisfaction .
‘ Charlie , ’ she said slowly , ‘ I know about Buchan .
If you just talk to me , I … ’


The sound of a door rattling cut her off .
Charlie ’s head whipped towards the kitchen as he smiled his ruined smile .
He stalked towards the kitchen , paused and turned round .
‘ Any of you peep and I ’ll blow his fucking head off , ’ he whispered .


Rita McGinty squirmed beside Susie , trying to bite back her sobs .
‘ Shh , ’ Sam said softly .
‘ Shh .
It ’ll be alright , love . ’


From the kitchen , Susie heard the back door opening .
And then Charlie ’s voice again , more smug than ever .
‘ Ah , Derek .
Nice of you to come .
Come on in .
Now the party can really get started . ’


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Doug had the accelerator to the floor all the way to Stockbridge , ignoring speed limits and , where possible , traffic lights .
He screeched to a halt outside the Buchans ’ home , drawing a harsh look from the Pc stationed at the front door .
He looked about ten years old to Doug , his uniform about a size too big for him .


‘ Morning , sir , ’ the Pc said as Doug walked up to him .
‘ You looking to break a speed record or just lose your licence ? ’


Doug flashed a smile he hoped was sheepish .
‘ Sorry , running late for a meeting with Mr Buchan . ’


‘ And you are … ? ’


‘ Doug , ’ he replied , offering the officer a hand .
He did n’t take it .
‘ I ’ m one of Mr Buchan ’s assistants .
I ’ve got to deliver these ’ , he lifted a bundle of papers and folders for the Pc to see , ‘ to him for a briefing .
But you know how Edinburgh traffic is , I ’ m running late . ’


The Pc looked him over , expression set ; the wee boy playing polisman .
‘ Go on , then , ’ he said , ‘ but lay off the loud pedal the next time , okay ?
That ’s not a toy car you ’ve got there . ’


Doug bowed his head in thanks and hurried for the front door .
When Buchan answered it , Doug felt a wave of rage so strong it was almost uncontrollable .


‘ Who the hell are you ? ’
Buchan hissed .
His tie was yanked down , and Doug thought he caught a whiff of whisky on his breath .
His hair , so perfect in all the press shots Doug had seen , was unkempt , as though raked with his fingers .


‘ Doug McGregor . ’


He saw recognition crawl over Buchan ’s face , disgust and outrage twisting his mouth into a savage sneer .
‘ I suggest you do n’t make a scene , Dick , unless of course you want me to show this ’ , he lifted the package from the folders and papers , ‘ to that nice policeman there . ’


Buchan ’s eyes flicked between Doug and what he was carrying , torn .
Could he grab it before Doug had time to pull away , could he explain the commotion to the policeman ?


No .


‘ Come in , ’ he said , swinging the door wide .
He watched Doug as he stepped into the house , eyes burning with hate .
Doug did n’t mind .
The feeling was mutual .


Buchan moved across the living room to a large cabinet , tried to block Doug ’s view of the whisky with his back as he cleared a glass away .
Took a moment to smooth his hair , straighten his tie .
To this man , image , control , was everything .
But Doug saw through the façade now , knew the real man that lurked beneath the surface .


He was a worse monster than McGinty ever was .


‘ So , ’ Buchan said , ‘ what do you want ? ’


‘ Nothing , really , ’ he said .
‘ Just to tell you that I know .
At first , I could n’t figure it out – why you would set a thug on me just for finding out about Katherine ’s drug problem ?
Seemed like a bit of an overreaction .
After all , the public loves a good sob story .
Spin that the right way , you ’ve got a guaranteed vote winner .
So it did n’t add up , until I looked a little deeper , and found out about your … arrangement … with Bethany Miller . ’


From the corridor , Doug thought he heard soft footsteps coming down the stairs .
Probably just the old floorboards in the house settling .


Buchan ’s eyes were chips of ice behind his glasses .
‘ Just get to the point , Mr McGregor .
I ’ m sure we could come to a mutually beneficial arrangement . ’


Doug laughed .
He could n’t help it .
‘ Mutually beneficial ?
Oh , you mean like the one you had with Katherine . ’
He watched Buchan ’s eyes go wide .
Tried not to enjoy it too much .
‘ Oh yes , I know about it all , Dick , it ’s all right here . ’
He slid a small A5 - sized book from the folder and thumbed through the pages .


‘ Oh yes , Katherine kept a diary of what you did to her .
From the first time you assaulted her when she was twelve .
Every single time . ’
Doug ’s voice was hoarse with rage now .


‘ How DARE you ! ’
Buchan roared , his face contorted into an almost feral snarl .
‘ She was my daughter , I would never … . ’


‘ Forget the act , Dick , ’ Doug said .
‘ It ’s all in there .
But it was n’t about sex for you , was it ?
Never was .
That ’s why you went to Bethany when Katherine could n’t take any more and ran away .
Your money , your say , your humiliation .
Tell me , Dick , is that what it was ?
The control ?
The power ? ’


He paused , heard Bethany ’s voice whisper in his ear .
_You get him for me . _
Took a deep breath , drove the knife home .


‘ Is that why you had Bethany raped after she took things too far ?
To show her who was boss ?
Who was in charge ? ’


Buchan ’s face flushed .
A muscle twitched in his jaw , as though he was chewing on something bitter .
Maybe he was .


Buchan opened his mouth to speak , took a step forward , hands bunched into fists .
As he did , the door creaked open and a haggard - looking woman with lank hair and dead eyes shuffled into the room .


‘ Richard , ’ she said , her voice as dead as her eyes .
‘ I heard voices , what … ? ’


‘ Get out , Linda , ’ Buchan hissed , voice so full of rage that his wife flinched away from him .
‘ Ca n’t you see I ’ m busy here ? ’


‘ Oh , do n’t worry about it , ’ Doug said , forcing his eyes from Buchan ’s clenched fists .
‘ We ’re done , Dick .
I ’ll assume you wo n’t want to make an official comment ? ’


With a roar , Buchan lashed out , grabbing for the folder and the diary .
Doug span away , but Buchan knocked his arm up , the folder and papers spraying into the air .
Doug lunged forward for them , was grabbed by Buchan and slammed against the wall , making his wounded side scream in protest .
Was vaguely aware of Linda Buchan falling to her knees where the folder and diary had landed .


Do n’t let her see them , Doug thought .
_Oh please , Jesus , do n’t let her see … _


‘ You bastard , ’ Buchan whispered , his breath sour in Doug ’s face .
‘ Who do you think you are to … ? ’


‘ Let me go , you sick fuck , ’ Doug bellowed , thrashing against Buchan ’s grip .
No use , the bastard was strong , fuelled by rage .


‘ You little shit , ’ Buchan hissed , spittle peppering Doug ’s face .
‘ I ’ m going to … ’


A scream filled the room and Buchan suddenly lurched forward , pinning Doug to the wall .
The he fell to the side , hands falling from Doug ’s shirt as his wife ’s hands snaked around his neck , fingers sinking into his cheeks .


‘ BASTARD ! ’ she shrieked , clawing and biting at him .
‘ You bastard !
She was your daughter , your _daughter , _ and you raped her .
Abused her and drove her to drugs .
Bastard ! ’


Doug lunged for Linda , pulling her off Buchan with all his strength .
She lashed out wildly , swinging her arms back and grabbing his head .
Doug roared as he felt hair being ripped from his scalp , and threw Linda clear .
She landed heavily and slid across the polished wood floor .


Buchan staggered to his feet , using the back of his hand to wipe away the blood gushing from the welts his wife had clawed into his face .
He charged into Doug , catching him off balance and driving him to the ground , where he landed on top of him .


‘ CUNT ! ’ he bawled into Doug ’s face .
‘ I ’ll kill you ! ’
He rocked back and punched Doug in the face as hard as he could .
Doug ’s head whipped to the side with the impact .
His vision blurred , then doubled .
His ears rang .
Blindly , he flailed out with his hands and grabbed Buchan ’s head , driving his fingers into his eyes .


Buchan screeched and fell back .
Doug rolled to the side , gasping for breath .
Dimly , he could hear the policeman battering at the door , demanding to be let in .


_Just kick it down , you stupid little shit , _ Doug thought as he backed away .
Buchan was on his feet again now , wielding a poker from the fireplace .
He raised it over his head , eyes burning into Doug ’s as he braced himself to bring it down .


Somewhere there was the sound of breaking glass .
Maybe the Pc had decided to break in , after all .
Too late .
Buchan took a step forward .


Doug looked around desperately for a way out , his breath great gasping gulps , searching for something , anything , he could use as a defence , but there was nothing ; it was over …


Buchan screamed and staggered backwards , blood spraying from his mouth .
The poker dropped to the floor with a heavy clang as he clawed for his back .
He crashed into the display cabinet , the crystal inside shattering musically under his weight as wicked shards of the glass dug into his face and arms .


Doug looked around , saw Linda Buchan standing there , her husband ’s blood plastering her blouse to her body .
She looked down at the jagged shards of the whisky bottle in her bloodied hands , as if reminding herself it was there .
Glanced over at Doug and then back at her husband , who was whimpering like a beaten dog , legs prodding out of the ruined cabinet at odd angles .
She dropped the bottle to the floor , stared at it for a moment , then fell to her hands and knees , scrambling over the shards of glass .
Doug could never decide if she was looking for something to finish her husband off , or to use on herself .
He managed to find his feet and leapt forward , pushing her clear of the glass .
She wailed and lashed out at him , beating at his chest with her small , bloodied fists .


He could feel her hot tears soak into his shirt .
Slowly , the screams gave way to bitter , body - wrenching sobs .
Doug lay on the ground in a pool of blood and shattered glass , rocking her gently , holding her face tightly to his chest .
She had seen Katherine ’s diary .
Learned the truth .
That was enough .
He did n’t want her to see the pictures that were scattered across the floor .
The pictures of a young woman tied to a bed , naked , humiliated .
Broken .
The pictures Buchan had insisted McGinty take of the night he raped Bethany Miller .


He closed his eyes tightly , told himself he was n’t going to cry .
Lost the battle long before the ten - year - old policeman charged into the room .


* Chapter 48 Chapter 48 { { { 1 # 48


Charlie led Derek into the living room , gun trained on his back .
When Derek looked to his left , saw his parents tied up on the couch beside Susie , he whirled on Charlie .
‘ You fuck ! ’ he spat .
‘ Let them go , they ’re just … ’


Charlie drove a fist into Derek ’s stomach , doubling him over .
He gasped and fell to his knees , Charlie following up with a vicious boot to the face .
Susie felt bile scald the back of her throat as she heard bone crunch when Charlie kicked Derek in the face again .


‘ Leave him alone ! ’
Rita McGinty shrieked .
‘ Just leave him alone , you … ’


Charlie pushed the gun into Rita ’s face .
‘ Shut the fuck up , you stupid old bitch , ’ he sneered .
‘ I ’ll get back to you in a minute , but first … ’
He turned back to Derek , swung back his foot and drove it into his stomach .
Derek rolled over and wretched , coughing as he fought for breath .


‘ You think you can just leave me lying in the street ? ’
Charlie yelled .
‘ Nobody does that , you bastard .
Nobody ! ’
He kicked Derek one final time then leant forward , levelling the gun at his head .
Rita screamed again as Charlie ’s finger tightened on the trigger .
Susie felt adrenalin sear through her veins .
If she was going to do something , it had to be now .
She had to …


Before Susie could move , Sam McGinty drove himself forward , using his head as a battering ram on Charlie ’s side .
Charlie staggered , the roar of the gun deafening in the small room as Sam fell on top of him .


Susie lunged forward , trying to keep her balance .
She lashed out as hard as she could , shoulder - barging the hand that held the gun .
Charlie bellowed in frustrated rage and kicked out , driving Sam aside and thudding him into Susie .
She staggered , hit the corner of the coffee table and crashed into it , the table collapsing like cheap kindling under her .


Charlie staggered to his feet , loomed over her .
‘ You fucking bitch .
You fucking little CUNT !
I ’ m going to … ’


Susie drove her feet up as hard as she could into Charlie ’s crotch .
He fell backwards , bouncing off the fireplace and crumpling to the floor .
Susie wriggled out of the ruin of the table , moving as fast as she could .
She got to her feet , lurched over towards Charlie , desperate to get to the gun before he could , could …


She was grabbed from behind and hurled back onto the couch .
Looked up and saw Derek towering over Charlie like an angry , bloodied god .
He kicked out , stamping down onto Charlie ’s hand , the sound of bones snapping rising above the scream .
He bent over and scooped up the gun , seemed to study it for a moment as though it were a toy he had never seen before , then dropped to his knees and rammed the gun into Charlie ’s mouth .


‘ How ’s that , Charlie ? ’ he whispered .
‘ You like that ?
Not as good as terrifying my folks , but not bad , huh ? ’
His arms trembled with rage .
‘ It was him , was n’t it , Charlie ?
He sent you , Buchan . ’


Charlie nodded slowly .
Tears were leaking from his huge , terrified eyes .


Derek nodded , satisfied .
‘ I knew it .
That fucking bastard .
Do n’t worry though , Charlie , I ’ll give him your regards with this . ’
He pushed the gun forward slightly , smiled as a dark patch spread across Charlie ’s crotch .


‘ Bye , Charlie , ’ he said , turning his head away , preparing for the blast .


‘ Derek . ’
The voice was so calm and controlled , it took Susie a moment to recognise it as Rita ’s .
‘ Derek , that ’s enough , son .
Put it down , please . ’


Derek spun , confusion in his eyes .
‘ Mum , I … ’


‘ No , Derek , enough .
Put the gun down , son . ’


Derek looked back at Charlie then to Rita .
After what seemed an eternity , he leant away , dropping the gun onto the floor and pushing it towards Susie .


Rita McGinty smiled .
She was crying again , but , to Susie , her tears seemed different .
Clearer .
Derek got up and untied his parents , gave them rough hugs before he did .
Maybe it was the only way he thought he could .


‘ You ’re a copper , are n’t you ? ’ he asked Susie as he stood in front of her .


‘ Yeah , ’ she said , struggling to keep her voice even .
‘ And I ’ll tell people what you did here , how you helped me stop Charlie .
But I need to ask you a few questions , Derek .
You seem to be the man with a lot of answers . ’


Derek snorted .
‘ Nah , I do n’t think I ’ll stick around for that , ’ he said , checking Susie was still securely tied before heading for the back door .


Sam stood up , placed a hand on his son ’s shoulder .
‘ No more running , son , ’ he said .


Derek whirled round .
‘ Dad , I ca n’t .
After everything that ’s happened , everything I did , there ’s nothing here . ’


‘ There ’s us , ’ Sam said .
‘ I ’ m not saying what you did was right , son , but at least tell us why you did it .
Make us understand why you thought it was the right thing to do . ’


And there it was .
Finally .
That one , simple question .
Why , Derek ?


Why ?


His eyes flitted between his father and Susie .
Stay or go ?
Run or face the past ?
He sighed finally , shoulders sagging .
The illusion of the angry god was gone , replaced by a confused and lost man .


He walked over to Susie .
‘ You better fucking tell them what I did , ’ he said and then untied her .


She nodded her thanks , picked up the gun and ejected the clip .
Then she reached for her phone to call everything in .
She was very careful .
No one saw her hands shake .


* Chapter 49 Chapter 49 { { { 1 # 49


It was just after 10pm when Susie walked into the pub , eyes roaming across the room for Doug .
She saw him sitting at a corner booth , pint of Guinness in front of him , a glass she knew was a double vodka and lemonade sitting opposite , waiting for her .


She took her seat , not saying a word but merely reaching for her drink .
She hoped it would dampen the throbbing in the back of her head , a little memento of her encounter with Charlie Morris .


She looked tired , Doug thought , but that was no surprise .
Being held at gunpoint by a psychopath could do that to you .


‘ You look like shit , Doug , ’ she said , setting her drink back down on the table .


Doug laughed , touched the growing bruise on his cheek .
His face felt like it did when the dentist gave him anaesthetic before a filling ; numb and foreign , full of strange contours and alien curves .
He planned to be drunk long before the numbness wore off .


‘ So , ’ he said slowly , ‘ how did it go ? ’


Susie shook her head .
She had spent the last ten hours being poked and prodded by doctors , filling out reports , writing up statements and , of course , being interviewed by fellow officers about what had happened at the McGintys ’ home .


In the films , the cops beat up the bad guys and went home .
In reality , they went to do paperwork , especially when a gun was involved .


‘ Well , we got what we were looking for , ’ she said .
‘ Morris admitted he was the man that beat you up outside your flat .
Turns out he had a wee scrote named Mark Kirk following you for quite some time ; finding out what you were doing , where you were going , who you were with . ’
Her eyes fell on Doug , making sure he understood what she had just said .


‘ You mean like me and you ? ’
He paused , took another drink of Guinness .
‘ Shit .
I take it Burns found out ? ’


Susie nodded .
‘ Oh yes .
Hauled me into his office , gave me a real bollocking about not going to the press , jeopardising an investigation , not going through proper procedures , that sort of thing . ’


‘ He going to report you to the Chief Superintendent ? ’


‘ Actually , no , ’ Susie said , a small smile at the corners of her mouth .
‘ He wanted to , but said he refused to give Buchan the satisfaction of seeing the Chief jump through hoops and claim a scalp . ’


‘ What about Buchan ? ’
Doug asked , remembering the way he had loomed over him with the poker .
He shivered .
‘ He regained consciousness yet ? ’


‘ No , he ’s still at the Infirmary .
Most of his wounds were superficial , but his wife did a fair bit of damage when she stabbed him in the back . ’
She watched Doug ’s face go pale , his eyes fall to his pint .
‘ She ’s going to be okay , Doug .
Really .
They ’ve got her sedated at the moment , and she ’s going to be evaluated in a couple of days .
If there ’s a way to help her , the doctors will . ’


Doug was n’t so sure .
He remembered the desperation on Linda Buchan ’s face as she scrambled around the floor looking for a shard of glass , the howl of frustration when he stopped her .
He wondered if he had done the right thing .


‘ … what the fiscal says . ’


Doug looked up from his glass , Susie ’s voice dragging him from his thoughts .
‘ I ’ m sorry , what ? ’


Susie smiled slightly .
‘ I said , we ’ll have to see what the fiscal says about the case against Buchan .
We ’ve got him for trying to kill you , and of course there ’s what ’s in the diary , but the rest of it is all fairly circumstantial . ’


Doug gave a frustrated grunt .
She was right .
According to what he had managed to find out , there had been no specific forensic evidence linking Buchan to Lizzie Renwick ’s murder .
Anything that was found , such as clothing fibres or fingerprints , could be explained away by any half - decent lawyer easily .
After all , it had been his daughter ’s gallery , and what father did n’t visit his daughter ?


But he had done it , Doug was sure he had .
He had gone to the gallery , thinking Lizzie had the diary and the pictures of Bethany , tortured her to try and find them and , when she had told him she did n’t know where they were , he had killed her .
He was capable of it , Doug had seen that much in Buchan ’s eyes when he loomed over him with the poker .
No fear , no doubt , no hesitation ; only hatred and intent .


Doug had discovered his secret and , as a result , had to die .
Lizzie would have been no different to him .
Just another threat to his reputation and what was left of his career .


According to Katherine ’s diary , her father had begun abusing her when she was twelve .
She had written about her confusion as to why ‘ Daddy wanted to touch me in his secret way today ’ and how he had taught her ‘ new ways to show that she loved him ’ .
The diary was a catalogue of abuse stretching over the years , building to the sickeningly inevitable rape .


‘ _It hurt so much_ , ’ she wrote .
Doug could n’t be sure , but he thought he could see tear stains on the page .
‘ _He was on top of me , pinning me down , panting in my ear like a bull .
I tried to tell him to stop , tried to push him away , but he was too strong , forcing it into me again and again and again .
When it was over , he collapsed on top of me and burst into tears , telling me how sorry he was , how much he loved me .
I hate him . _
’


Shortly after that , she began to head out at the weekends , finding drugs and booze were an easy way to blot out the horrors she endured at home .
The horrors she was too ashamed and afraid to share with her mother .
Reading the diary revealed she lasted for a year in a drug - addled haze before , after one attack had turned violent , with Katherine left bleeding and bruised after Buchan had tried to bugger her , she had fled .


Not long after , she ran into Derek at a nightclub .
What attracted him to her ?
Doug wondered .
Her dependence , her vulnerability ?
Whatever it was , they had developed a bond , began a relationship .
And , somewhere along the way , she had told him about what her father had done to her .


‘ You want another drink ? ’
Susie asked , draining the last of her vodka and heading for the bar .
Doug nodded and she returned a few moments later with a fresh pint for him and another vodka – a double – for herself .


‘ So , does it explain what happened when she met McGinty ? ’
Susie asked .
She knew Doug had read the diary , but she had n’t been able to get to it herself yet .
And , with McGinty in hospital for observation after the beating Charlie had given him , she had n’t been able to get his side of the story , either .
For that , she would have to rely on Doug .


Doug nodded .
‘ Yeah , from what the diary says , after she overdosed , she tried to sort herself out .
She says that she and Derek were spending more and more time together , and she wanted to get herself off heroin .
But she could n’t do that on her own , so she went to her dad and demanded money for a rehab programme . ’


He laughed sadly .
‘ The poor bitch .
After everything she went through , to have to go back to him and ask for help to kick a habit he drove her to .
But he helped her all right , gave her the cash , checked her into the programme in Niddrie and put her under an assumed name then abandoned her .
All to protect his precious career . ’


‘ But how does Bethany Miller fit into all this ? ’
Susie asked .
‘ And how did you find out about her link to Buchan ? ’


Doug explained what Tomlin had told him about McGinty ’s hunt for a man who had hurt Katherine , how he had traced that man to the Shore Thing Sauna in Leith .
He paused when Susie ’s mouth fell open .


‘ What ? ’


‘ Something the woman who heard Linda Buchan and McGinty arguing said .
She said she heard McGinty say “ off the leash ” , but thought she could have misheard it .
I bet it was “ off to Leith ” . ’


‘ It ’s possible , ’ Doug said .
‘ He must have told her exactly what Buchan had done to Katherine , and how , when she ran away , he found other ways to get his … thrills . ’
Bethany ’s words : _He always made me wear a wig .
A blonde one .
And he always called me Katie .
But there ’s nothing too weird in that , is there ? _


‘ And that ’s when it all went wrong ? ’
Susie asked .
‘ When he started to get kinky with Bethany ? ’


‘ Yeah , ’ Doug nodded , taking a gulp of his pint to kill the pain .
He felt a twist of discomfort talking about this .
He had promised to keep Bethany ’s name out of it .
But after everything , Susie deserved to know it all .
And besides , he knew she would keep quiet once she understood .


‘ So , what happened ? ’ she asked , rubbing a hand across her forehead as though trying to massage away the frustration of not knowing what Doug did .


‘ Bethany would n’t tell me the details , but you can probably guess .
She had Buchan tied up one night , it all got a little out of hand .
He lashed out , promised he ’d make her pay , then … ’
He shook his head as the thought occurred to him .


Jesus , it really was all about control .


‘ Then ’ , Susie said , fingers subconsciously drumming Morse Code for frustration on her glass , ‘ he gets McGinty to attack Bethany .
But why ?
And how ? ’


‘ Katherine , ’ Doug said simply .
The thoughts were coming too fast now .
If he wanted to outrun them , he would have to switch to whisky soon .
Not the worst idea .


He glanced at Susie , saw the confusion on her face .


‘ It ’s all in Katherine ’s diary , ’ he said , remembering what he had read .
Wished he could n’t , knew he always would .


_I do n’t know how to write this .
What happened this morning .
It still does n’t feel true .
I wish it was n’t .
Not any of it .
Perhaps it is n’t .
Perhaps I ’ve gone mad .
But that ’s just wishful thinking .
But I have to write it down .
Record it .
Because if I do n’t , I ’ll begin to doubt all of it .
Because I want to – more than anything in the world .
To believe this is n’t true . _


_I ’ m sitting here , pen in hand , and I feel numb .
Like the world has been picked up , shaken and put back down again .
But now everything ’s in the wrong place . _


_I loved him so much .
I love him .
But do I ?
I do n’t know how I feel . _


_It was just after 9 , I know because I was running late for work .
I opened the door and he was just standing there .
I ’ve never understood when people say someone looks like death warmed up , but I did after seeing Derek . _


_He barely said a word , looked in shock .
I was so startled to see him I did n’t say anything for a few seconds so we just stood there saying nothing , looking at each other .
I felt my heart skip .
His look was so dark I knew we were over .
That he was going to end it .
End us . _


_I was the first to speak , I do n’t remember what I said , something breezy probably .
But I was n’t going to let him in .
Not if he was going to end it .
He could bloody stand on the step and see if I cared .
But when he spoke his voice sounded so empty and strange that I agreed to let him in . _


_He sat on the couch for a while , like a statue .
Just staring at his hands .
Then he asked if he could take a shower .
I remember feeling irritated but his eyes turned on me and there was a look I had n’t seen before and for the first time I felt afraid .
But I dismissed that idea .
Foolish , I thought .
This is Derek .
Lovely sweet devoted Derek . _


_ ‘ I ’ve done something … ’ he said and held my gaze for the first time .
There was something in his voice that made me believe him .
But what he told me was so sickening I still ca n’t believe it .
How could he ?
Derek , so gentle and loving , considerate when we were together .
How could he do something so . . . so violent , so degrading to another human being ?
Something so like my father ?
I felt a creeping over my skin that I did n’t actually know this person .
This man who I thought I loved .
He explained to me in great detail .
What he had done to that poor girl .
Like I was his priest hearing his confession .
I wanted him to stop .
Begged him to stop .
Tell me it ’s not true I begged .
Please just stop . _


_But he did n’t .
Not even when I could n’t breathe through the tears .
He kept going .
How he ’d hurt her .
How he ’d humiliated her .
And all for me ? !
How could he blame me for this ?
My fault . _


_Was it ?
Had I driven Daddy to it , then Derek ?
I just do n’t know anymore .
He collapsed onto his knees at my feet .
Would n’t take his eyes from mine .
Begged for forgiveness .
Begged for me to understand .
To know I loved him .
What could I give him ?
A dozen Hail Mary ’s ? _


_I needed to get away from him .
I went to the bathroom to wash my face .
And I saw my reflection .
How could he love me ?
How could anyone love me ?
Red , blotchy .
I tried to calm my skin .
To look normal again .
But there would be no normal again .
And suddenly felt a wave of relief .
He was n’t breaking up with me , he DID still love me . _


_ ‘ I had to do it , do n’t you see ? ’ he said .
‘ Tommy said that if I did n’t do this , did n’t … take the pictures , they ’d find you .
Hurt you .
And I could n’t bear that , Katie .
I just could n’t . ’ _


* * *


Doug shook his head .
Buchan must have loved it .
Get the man who was hunting him to attack the prostitute who humiliated him and take the pictures to prove it .
He used people like chess pieces .


Susie drained her glass , crunched hard on the ice .
‘ So she forgives him ?
But they know there ’s no way he can run , so she keeps the pictures as what ?
Insurance ? ’


‘ Maybe , ’ Doug said .
‘ Or maybe they were trying to blackmail Buchan all along .
She mentions in the diary that they wanted to make a life together .
Maybe that ’s what they were asking Buchan for .
The money for the pictures .
Remember what Lizzie heard her say on the phone ?
“ It ’s the price we agreed ? ” . ’


‘ Jesus , ’ Susie said .
‘ So that ’s why he hired Charlie to track Derek down as soon as he resurfaced .
But how the hell did he even know how to get in touch with someone like Charlie , anyway ? ’


‘ The saunas , ’ Doug replied , remembering what Tomlin had told him about Charlie and Derek working together .
‘ Charlie must have recognised him as someone with money , Buchan must have recognised him as someone he could use .
Especially when it came to satisfying some of his . . . requests . ’


‘ What I do n’t get though is why wait until Katherine was dead ?
Why not try to kill him sooner ? ’


Doug rubbed at his eyes .
They felt grainy with exhaustion .
‘ Control , ’ he muttered , more to himself than Susie .
‘ With Katherine alive , Buchan knew he had a way to keep Derek at bay , string them both along and pretend to pay for their silence .
But the moment Katherine died , Buchan knew Derek had nothing left to lose , that he would be coming to him for money , or worse . ’


‘ But why did she die , then ? ’
Susie asked , feeling like she was on the wrong page .
She hated playing catch - up .
‘ Why , if she was about to disappear with the man she loved , did she end up at the bottom of the Scott Monument ? ’


‘ To let Derek be free , ’ Doug said , feeling tears behind his eyes .
What a fucking mess .
‘ It ’s all in the diary .
She loved Derek .
She really did .
But this man made himself a rapist for her , a monster , an animal .
He basically became her father .
And she knew that he – they – would never be free of Buchan ’s influence .
So the only way to escape for both of them was to take away the control he had over them .
It ’s the last line in her diary : “ _This is my choice .
Not my father ’s , not Derek ’s . Mine . Derek always told me to have faith .
Believe .
And I do .
I believe he ’s a good man .
And I have faith that he will do the right thing_ . ” ’


‘ Jesus Christ , ’ Susie whispered .
What would it be like , knowing death was your only option , that it was better than the life you had endured ?
‘ If Lizzie did n’t have the diary , then who did ?
Who sent it , and the photo , to you ? ’


‘ McGinty , ’ Doug said simply .
‘ Think about it , whatever we might think of him , he ’s not stupid .
He knows that the moment Katherine is dead , Buchan has no reason to keep him alive .
So fuck it , why not try to hurt the bastard ?
But no one is going to believe him if he just rings up and tells his story .
No , he needs someone to figure it out for themselves , find the truth on their own .
With Bethany , he already showed that he could use people like chess pieces to get what he wanted .
So he decided to use me to get at Buchan . ’


‘ You sure it was him ? ’


‘ Check when you speak to him , but yeah , it was him , ’ Doug said .
‘ I should have seen it when he first called me .
It was the way he spoke , what he said .
“ Derek McGinty pushed Katherine Buchan to her death . ”
Not Derek killed Katherine , but pushed her .
He blamed himself for putting her in a position where she thought the only way out was to kill herself .
And how would she feel , knowing he raped another woman for her ?
So he phoned me and put me onto his trail , giving me a juicy little titbit to make sure I was interested . ’


‘ You mean the photo ? ’


‘ Yeah , ’ Doug said .
‘ A shot like that , Terry says it was most probably taken on a timer from his camera . ’


They sat for a moment , alone with their thoughts , silence hanging between them .
Doug was turning it over in his mind , how easily he had been played and manipulated by McGinty .
And something occurred to him .
Being played .
Was that it ?
He thought back to how easily Mike Granger had let him in to the Halfway House , how he was always happy to answer questions .
Mike Granger , who , he had once told Doug , moved to Prestonview after working in Edinburgh pubs where ‘ he saw some crazy shit ’ .


Doug thought he was using Mike , but was it the other way round ?
Was Mike another piece of the puzzle ?
Did he know Charlie – or Croal or Tomlin ?
Had he been using Doug the entire time to get to Derek ?


A quick call to Rab would answer the question .
But later .
Not now .
He glanced over at Susie .


‘ Right , get your jacket , ’ Doug said , draining his pint and standing .


Susie ’s mind was filled with Charlie ’s gun , the impotent terror she felt when he pointed it at her face , the sound it made when it went off , the feel of it when it was smashed over the back of her head .
She had thought she was going to die , that …


She blinked back the tears that had been welling in her eyes .
‘ Wh … where are we going ? ’


‘ My place , ’ Doug said , not taking his eyes off her , hoping she had n’t misread what he ’d said .
Her eyes told him she had .
‘ Look , we ’ve both had an utterly shit day .
If you ’re like me , you ’ve seen a few things that you probably do n’t want to sleep with in your head .
So , we ’re going to my place .
We ’ll watch a crappy film , get shitfaced and talk until we ’re ready to sleep . ’
He paused , added : ‘ And no arguments , you get the couch .
I insist . ’


Susie laughed .
It hurt her head , but it felt good anyway .
‘ Fair enough , ’ she said .
‘ But how about my place instead ?
I ’ve seen your TV .
I ’ve got enough of a headache as it is without trying to watch a film on it . ’


Doug tried to look hurt .
It did n’t work .
‘ Fair enough , ’ he said , heading for the door and holding it open for her .
‘ After you , ma ’ am . ’


They walked out into a typical Edinburgh night ; cold and wet .
Susie did n’t mind , the chill helped her head .


‘ Want to get a taxi ? ’
Doug asked .


‘ Nah , let ’s walk a bit , ’ she said , pulling her jacket tight against the cold .


They set off down the street .
As they walked , Susie felt a flicker of panic .
She was playing a dangerous game , she knew it .
Burns would n’t be happy about the amount of time she was spending with the reporter that had caused him – and her – so much trouble .
Weighed it up , found she did n’t care .
She could worry about it tomorrow .


Tonight , she needed a friend .
Someone who understood what she had been through , who would see her as more than the stupid bitch at the office who fucked her boss , ended his marriage and kept her job .
Someone to talk to , confide in .


Off the record , of course .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Hal stood in the kitchen , lights off , the TV on the wall muted as the news ticker crawled across the screen and a presenter with too - perfect teeth and hair so styled it looked painful silently spoke in front of a picture of Richard Buchan .


The story had begun to break just after 6pm .
There were n’t many details , the official line was that Richard Buchan , the Tory MSP who recently lost his daughter , had been hospitalised following an incident believed to involve a member of the press at his Stockbridge home .
It had n’t taken Hal long to get the rest of the story .
All it took was a call and a few flattering words to Jonathan .


So now he stood , listening to the gentle hum of the fridge , adding what Jonathan had told him to what he knew .
Thinking about the woman involved in the hit - and - run that Buchan covered up with a little help from the then Chief Constable .
Was she just an innocent bystander , someone who was in the wrong place at the wrong time ?
Or was she something more ?
Another hooker he decided to use and abuse ?
Who fought back and paid the price ?


Maybe .
And even if she was , so what ?
It was n’t Hal ’s business .
Buchan was n’t his client .
He had been hired to do a job , had done it .
End of story .


Except …


Except , every time Hal thought about it , about what Buchan had done to his own daughter , he thought of Jennifer .
Lying in his arms , helpless , defenceless , relying on him – her _father_ – to protect her from the world .
And he would .
He knew that .


His phone was in his hand before he realised it , the text written .
‘ _You might want to have a look at Buchan ’s car crash from a few years ago .
Ask the Chief Superintendent about the girl who was n’t there and absolutely was n’t hurt .
Call me if you want to know more . _
’


Hit send , switched the phone off .
If McGregor was going to reply , Hal did n’t want to deal with it .


Not tonight .
Not when he had a daughter to kiss goodnight and a husband to hold in the dark .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen . png )


Sam found the picture two days later , wedged between the shed and fence at the bottom of the garden , roughly wrapped in an old jacket .
It was a portrait photograph of a woman on a beach , arms wrapped around herself , smiling against the wind that whipped her hair into long blonde streamers around her head .
She was beautiful , but she looked tired to Sam .


There was nothing with the photo , but when he flipped it over , he found ‘ _Eric Mullard Studios_ ’ printed on the back of the frame , along with a handwritten scrawl : ‘ _So I can watch you while you work_ , ’ it read .
‘ _I have faith , Derek , thanks to you .
Love you , Kx_ ’


Sam rewrapped the picture in the jacket and took it back to the house .
He would hang it in Derek ’s room .
It would be there for him when he came home .







Myriah Fire


By


Claudy Conn


Contents Copyright Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Excerpts


Myriah Fire By Claudy Conn http : / / claudyconn . embarqspace . com


Copyright © 2011 , 2012 by Claudy Conn at Smashwords Edited by : Karen Babcock Cover Artist : Kendra Egert All rights reserved


Published in the United States of America


First edition published 2011 Second edition published 2012


July 2012


Names , characters , and events depicted in this book are products of the author ’s imagination or are used fictitiously .
Any resemblance to actual events , places , organizations , or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author .


No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system , without permission in writing from the author .
Excerpt of Miss Lacey Copyright © 2020 by Claudy Conn Excerpt of Lady X


She lay staring in utter disbelief at the stranger she was still holding in her arms


Lantern in hand , Kit moved upstairs to his bedchamber .
He was surprised the drapes in his room had been pulled tight but was too tired to contemplate the mystery .
He set the lit lantern on a side table and shrugged out of his clothes .
He then picked up the lantern and made his way to his bed , setting the lantern on the nightstand .
However , there he stopped short .
Someone with long , flaming ringlets of hair was lying face down , covered only to her waist — in his bed !
His first thought made him grin .
His puppy of a brother had no doubt brought her home with him , but why would the rascal send her off to his bedchamber ?
Drape mystery solved , and another one to contemplate .
“ Now what to do with you , sweet , ” he murmured .
Grinning , as he thought , One should n’t infringe on one ’s brother ’s property — but really , Billy , why the devil did you put her in my bed ?
This question repeated itself , and still grinning , his lordship decided the only thing to do in such a situation was to wake her — his way !
He nibbled at her delicate ears and placed a warm kiss on her throat .
She groaned pleasurably .
The sound stimulated him , and he leaned over her and took her mouth with his .
* * * Myriah felt the sweet pressure , and her dream took on a new force , one that sent a fire bolt racing through her veins .
Her arms went around the virile , muscular body , the source of her dream ’s acute burning .
All at once Myriah was awake .
Unable to speak in spite of the fact that her lips were now quite free , she lay staring in utter disbelief at the stranger she was still holding in her arms .
She lay for a moment in quiet astonishment , trying to collect her thoughts as she stared at the stranger ’s face .
He was smiling provocatively , and she noted the ruggedness of his features .
Somehow , they seemed familiar .
But he was a stranger nonetheless — and he was in her bed , taking advantage of her .
This notion was followed by the next , that being it was no doubt time to drop her arms and pull out of range , which she did speedily , wondering all the while how the deuce this situation had come to pass .
The gasp that had been stuck in her throat finally escaped .
The words of outrage got mingled with fear , and she jumped up to a sitting position .
Pulling the covers around herself , she pointed towards the door as she blubbered , “ How dare you !
Get out of my room ! ”
His voice was low , husky , and full with a sensually lined amusement .
“ Well , little bird , for one thing … this is my room .
And for another , although I should be throwing you out , I think I ’ll keep you in spite of your offense to my person . ”


Other books by Claudy Conn


Legend Series Spellbound — Legend Shee Willow — Legend Trapped — Legend Free Falling — Legend Catch & Hold — Legend Prince in the Mist ( Novella ) Aaibhe — Shee Queen ( Novelette ) Prince Prelude — Legend ~ Shadow Series ShadowLove — Stalkers ShadowHeart — Slayer ShadowLife — Hybrid ~ Risqué Regencies Oh , Cherry Ripe Rogues , Rakes & Jewels Taffeta & Hotspur Rogues , Rakes & Jewels Wildfire Kiss Netherby Halls After the Storm ~ Time Series Through Time - Pursuit Through Time - Whiplash Through Time - Slamming Through Time - Frankie Through Time - Compulsion ~ DarkLove ~ Lady X ~ Netherby Halls


Hungry Moon Series Hungry Moon - Quicksilver Hungry Moon - Destiny Hungry Moon - Jodi ( coming in Aug )


Dedication


This is for my dear friend and laughing buddy in the World of Make Believe , Candice Stauffer


~ One ~


LONDON , 1813


CASCADING RINGLETS OF fire framed an elf - like countenance of peaches and cream .
Dark brows and curling lashes accentuated the almond shape of the blue - green eyes .
Champagne organza fell alluringly about a form as delicate as it was provocative , yet the owner of these enviable attributes gazed at her reflection in the gilt - edged looking glass and sighed deeply .
A maid popped her linen - covered head into Lady Myriah ’s dressing room and clucked her tongue disapprovingly .
“ Tch tch , m ’ lady , here you be , idling your time away with your papa that anxious for you down in the ballroom !
Why , gracious , the music is sweet to hear , and the dancers looking fine as five pence … and here you be , looking that sad !
Why , it fair sets me in a huff , it does ! ” said the middle - aged woman , taking all the liberty that years of faithful service had won her .
Lady Myriah raised an eyebrow , and there was warning in her look though her tone was light .
“ Now , now , love , do n’t be hipped with me .
’ T’ would never do !
I do n’t see why I must go down just yet , especially when I feel disinclined . ”
She stopped abruptly and noted the troubled look on the older woman ’s face .
“ Oh , very well , do n’t worry yourself over me , I ’ll go , ” Myriah said with one of her spontaneous smiles .
“ Good girl — ’ tis that much those fine bucks below be wanting a look at yer sweet face ! ” her maid said , nodding and returning Myriah ’s smile .
“ Nonsense , Nelly , love .
They have seen it all this season and last !
All right , all right , do n’t get yourself all puckered up again .
I ’ m going ! ”
Myriah made her way down the red - carpeted , circular staircase , a slight frown between her eyes .
The music floated up and enfolded her gently .
Usually its mesmerizing effects lifted her spirits , but now she only sighed .
Whatever is the matter ?
This one question haunted , irritated , and left her burdened .
She did not know the answer , but she did know that she had no wish to hear the music she loved and no need to join the merrily waltzing ton in the ballroom below .
About to embark upon the glorious age of one and twenty , Myriah had already enjoyed two London Seasons and was about to take on her third .
Yet the young lady was bored — bored and totally disenchanted with the beau monde , London , and all its frivolous activities .
She was Lady Myriah , the only child of Lord Whitney , and he was well able to indulge her many whims , and he had always seen fit to do so in the past .
Lately , however , her worthy father had begun to lose patience with his headstrong darling .
She lived in an age where women were supposed to be demure and submissive — which did not work for Myriah .
Beautiful , wealthy , and socially prominent , still Myriah was completely unattached and unspoken for .
This last and somewhat astounding fact had not been achieved without some exertion on her part , to be sure , for Myriah had received no less than a dozen offers .
Her papa and numerous interested relatives had spent much time and effort in their attempts to convince her that at least four of those offers were most exceptional , but Myriah had held out and refused them all .
Perhaps it was because of Mrs . Radcliffe ’s novels — or her own imagination .
She had often heard her aunts pompously deplore her father ’s leniency in allowing her to read such material .
Perhaps it was Tom Moore ’s provocative poems or Sir Walter Scott ’s gallants .
Regardless of the reason , by the time Myriah had reached her eighteenth year she had become most regrettably romantic .
During an age when people of her class married for many excellent reasons , none of them having anything to do with love , she had the very odd notion that love was the most important prerequisite to matrimony .
But , strangely , Myriah had never been in love .
She did not pretend her heart , which was as passionate as it was gregarious , had not yet been stirred .
Several fine young bucks , in fact , had stirred it very well .
However , it had not yet received its coup de grace .
Thus it was that Myriah ’s heart remained intact , albeit restless and seemingly fickle .
Myriah ’s father , however , was not concerned with frivolous notions of romantic love ; he had to contend with his sisters , who nagged him non - stop about her behavior .
But though the dowagers frowned , though Lady Jersey chastised gently , though Myriah ’s relatives wagged their fingers , Lady Myriah ’s weighty family name and its accompanying fortune allowed much .
So , in spite of her wayward nature , Myriah was as popular as ever with the fawning ton .
Amused with her mild indiscretions , they called her ‘ naughty puss ’ and chuckled over her whimsies .
Myriah accepted their adoration as her due .
Still , though she laughed at her aunts ’ admonishing , she was aware her father would not tolerate her caprices much longer .
He told her he had to get her married and soon .
If she did n’t pick out a husband for herself , he was going to damn well do it for her !
Sighing at the thought she had little time before her father would press her to decide , Myriah gazed at the ballroom that lay before her gleaming with hundreds of candles in wall sconces and chandeliers .
The marble floor could scarcely be seen as the waltzing feet of fashionable dancers glided around in time to the music .
Beautiful , delicate , and commanding in style , Myriah stood a moment at the entrance before she was surrounded and heralded into the room .
Her name was on all their lips .
Where had she been ?
Why had n’t she come sooner ?
Promise a dance , Myriah .
One for me , Myriah !
Suddenly she felt suffocated .
She broke loose with a laugh and caught her father ’s eye .
He smiled warmly across at her , and she composed herself and blew him a gentle kiss .
“ Sweet Myriah , have you a smile for me ? ” asked a quiet male voice .
She looked up into the face of Sir Roland Keyes , and a twinkle crept into her eyes .
Now here was a diversion .
“ You , sir , have no need of such wispy things , ” she said coyly .
“ Although I do n’t wish to declare you wrong , I need that and much more , ” he said , taking her hand and leading her firmly onto the dance floor .
They moved in rhythm to the music of the violins , and many eyes glanced curiously at them .
Sir Roland , a bachelor of nine and twenty , had many attractive qualities , and more than one of Lady Myriah ’s suitors had noticed her apparent preference for the dratted fellow ’s company .
Sir Roland ’s height was good , and his frame was such as to catch any maid ’s eye .
His thick , curling locks were auburn with a hint of gold .
He always seemed to entertain Lady Myriah with an adroitness that kept her amused .
As the waltz ended , Myriah gazed quizzically up into his bright eyes .
“ Sweet Myriah , shall we continue our play on the dance floor , or shall we seek privacy ? ” he teased , kissing the wrist of her gloved hand .
“ I think , Sir Roland , we had better remain here .
I have already found that playing alone with you can be quite dangerous ! ” countered the lady .
“ Dangerous for whom , sweet beauty ? ”
She laughed amicably , for as always his forwardness excited her .
He had skill , and there was no denying it .
“ You know very well for whom !
Never say you fear for yourself ? ” she said .
“ For myself , never — ah , but for my heart , that is something altogether different .
I have not attained my years and remained unshackled by toying with danger . ”
Her eyes flickered .
“ Well , there certainly is no danger of your becoming … how did you put it ? … shackled to me ?
No , Sir Roland , you need have no fear on that score with me , as I have already told you I can not marry you . ”
The teasing quality of her voice had begun to ebb .
Sir Roland smiled and took her hand .
Without speaking , he led her into a country dance .
He was aware Myriah was attracted to him , and though he had not yet discovered the means to win her , he had no intention of giving the sport over .
She was far too wealthy , and Sir Roland needed her money !
His lands were heavily mortgaged , a state that had been achieved by his father ’s heavy gaming debts .
He had tried everything else , even resorted to gaming himself with the little blunt he had left .
Now , deeper in debt , he was desperate .
Putting his estates in order had become all - important , and he needed an advantageous marriage to achieve this end .
If his financial affairs were not reason enough for wanting to marry Myriah , there was his desire for the chit .
She teased him until he knew he must possess her — nay , not just teased but dallied with him , taunted him , and flirted with him outrageously .
However , she had made it clear her virginity went only with marriage , and indeed a maid of her class could not be taken any other way .
They had been presented to each other just two months ago , and he knew she found him titillating , witty , and a stimulating companion .
In turn he found her exquisite to behold , spoiled , wild , and irresistible .
Though he knew neither she nor he were in love with one another , he meant to have her and her money .
He looked long at her as these thoughts gravely carried his intent .
Myriah watched his face , and it occurred to her that her father might have his hopes around a match with Sir Roland .
That was not what she wanted .
However , as Myriah and Roland met in the steps of the country dance , their eyes flirted , and it seemed to the onlookers that here was a match indeed .
Myriah ’s cheeks were flushed when the dance ended , and Sir Roland eyed her with concern .
“ You need air , love .
Come , the night is too beautiful to ignore . ”
She hesitated and glanced doubtfully toward her father .
Sir Roland tugged gently at her arm , and with a shrug she relented , allowing him to open the French door and lead her into the garden .
It was a delicious night , smelling of roses and fresh grass .
She looked up at the black sky and saw the half - moon shining brightly down on her , its star companions twinkling gloriously .
It was the sort of night poets and minstrels sang about , and Myriah breathed it in with pleasure .
They walked without speaking , without touching , and she pulled her light shawl about her arms .
“ Cold , love ? ” he inquired quietly , and there was a subtle shading in his words she chose to ignore .
“ No , ” she replied and walked a bit away from him .
He reached out and held her back .
“ Do n’t run away from me , Myriah .
There is no need .
If you wish , I ’ll take you back inside . ” “ No , I do n’t wish to go back . ” “ Then come walk with me , ” he said , linking her arm through his .
He led her farther away from the house , down the path to a maze of neatly cut yews where a stone bench caught his eye .
He coaxed her to sit down beside him .
Suddenly , as if exasperated , he took Myriah by the shoulders and turned her face to him .
“ You want to be alone with me , Myriah .
Why do you pretend otherwise ?
You are no silly miss declaring no when she means yes .
’ Tis not your way . ”
She laughed good - naturedly .
“ You are a rogue !
Perhaps I do want to be alone with you … perhaps I do not .
I really do n’t know .
But that does n’t signify at the moment , for apparently I am alone with you ! ”
His laugh was low and soft as he put his strong arms around her and drew her to him .
“ Myriah , you feel so good in my arms … ”
She knew what she was doing .
She invited his caress , hoping he might be the one .
He certainly excited her .
Suddenly his mouth was hungrily on hers .
She yielded to his lips , allowing him the kiss , tasting his tongue , wondering if he could be the one as she waited and hoped for thunder and lightning … hoped for bells … for music — for something .
She sighed at length and pulled away .
“ I ca n’t marry you , Roland . ”
He laughed and shook his head .
“ Who is the rogue now , my dear ? ”
She returned his look , an impish light creeping into her eyes .
“ Now there is no use telling me that I must not kiss a man unless I mean to marry him , for that is simply stuff and nonsense — and so you know ! ” “ So I do !
But there are many who would not agree with such liberal thoughts ! ” “ That is because they are from another time and … and I think I am very different . ”
She moved farther away and frowned sadly over the problem .
“ Myriah , what is it you want ? ” he asked suddenly .
“ I …
I do n’t know .
Evidently something other than what I have .
I want to feel .
But all I can feel is this awful restlessness .
Lord … when I was a child , I was never this way .
’ Tis just this past year .
Here I am flaunting myself for the London bucks … and , Roland , I hate every minute of it ! ” “ Then end it — marry me . ”
Roland turned her to face him again .
“ We shall deal together , you know that we shall .
Myriah , there is so much more I want to show you . ” “ Oh , Roland , you do n’t need me to tell you what wild fun you are .
And there is no gainsaying the fact that I like you better than any other man of my acquaintance , but I am not in love with you . ” “ I could teach you to be , ” he said , taking her into his arms and pressing her powerfully against him .
She let him take her lips again , putting her arms about his neck , aroused by his hot kisses , aroused by her own needs .
She returned his kiss , and her own was as urgent as his .
She wanted this to be love , though she knew it was not .
“ Egad ! ” reverberated a familiar voice from behind her .
Myriah jumped away from Roland ’s suddenly limp arms and looked at her father with dismay .
The blood rushed quickly to her cheeks .
Sir Roland pulled himself to his full height and stood calmly facing Lord Whitney , whose expression gave every promise of trouble .
His lordship shook one irate finger at Sir Roland .
“ What the devil do you mean seducing my daughter in my own home ? ” “ You mistake , my lord .
I have just asked Myriah to be my wife , ” Sir Roland offered quickly .
Myriah ’s cheeks lost their heightened color , and she opened her eyes wide at her father ’s change of expression .
The ominous cloud that had hung about him had totally disappeared and been replaced with an open grin .
She felt the warmth drain from her body , and coldness clutched at her .
“ Eh ? ” barked his lordship , opening his blue eyes .
“ She has accepted you .
Excellent — excellent !
I knew she would .
Told Emily , ‘ Mark me now , ’ tis Roland she wants . ’
Very pleased indeed , ” her father rattled on .
“ Papa …
Papa …
I have not accepted Sir Roland ’s offer ! ” “ Nonsense !
Saw you m ’ self , ” returned her father .
Lady Myriah felt distinctly uncomfortable beneath his scrutiny .
How could she explain ?
“ Nevertheless , Papa , I did not accept his very flattering proposal . ” “ Well then , my girl , do so now ! ” her father commanded , the smile leaving his lips .
“ No chit of mine is going to give away her favors freely . ” “ Papa , do but listen — ” “ Never mind trying to get around me this time .
It wo n’t fadge , girl .
I saw you with my own eyes — giving Sir Roland that which should go only to your intended .
It ’s clear I ’ve let you run amuck .
Well , I sha n’t let you ruin yourself .
It ’s a husband you need , and Sir Roland here will fill the post nicely . ” “ Papa , please do not speak so to me .
I am not going to marry Roland .
You can scarcely expect me to marry a man simply because I have allowed him to kiss me ? ” “ What ? ” shouted her distraught parent , quite on the verge of apoplexy .
“ Well , really , Papa — ” “ Listen to me , young lady , ” interjected her father , barely able to speak .
“ You are not only going to , marry Sir Roland …
I am going back into that ballroom with you both and making the announcement tonight !
Good God — next thing you ’ll be cradling a babe in your arms and telling me ’ tis nothing at all !
The very idea .
Damnation , Myriah , I do n’t like admitting Emily was right , but you have proven her so .
She warned me what you were headed for , and I refused to listen .
Well , by damn , I have discovered the way of it before it was too late ! ”
Myriah ’s temper was as hot as her excitable father ’s .
However , she had enough control left to contain her fire .
She knew her father to be in the right of it , at least , his right of it .
From where he stood things must look bad , and when he was in a temper , there was no curbing his highhandedness .
If she were to save the situation , she must act rationally .
She calmed herself , knowing that to defy him now would not serve .
“ Very well , Papa … if you will but give me a moment to tidy myself , I shall be very happy to accompany you to the ballroom and hear my engagement to Sir Roland announced . ”
Sir Roland ’s eyes flickered and flew to her face .
What was the chit about ?
’ Twas not like her to concede so easily .
His lordship , on the other hand , thought too much of his authority over his daughter to question her sudden submission .
He grunted and allowed her to pass .
Myriah raced up the back stairs and avoided the interested servants as she made her way to her room .
She would have to act quickly or be undone , for once such an announcement was made her father would never make a retraction .
Indeed , she felt even she could not weather such a scandal .
“ Papa , oh dear Papa , ” she said to herself sadly as she rushed about her room , flung off her elegant gown , and donned instead a smartly cut riding habit of dark blue velvet .
Her father , beloved , doting , and kind , could be terribly steadfast in his decisions , especially when his sense of propriety had been ruffled .
The only way to prevent doom was to absent herself .
She flung two gowns into a small portmanteau , scurried about for her toiletries , pulled on her riding boots , and without another glance made her way , portmanteau in hand , to the back stairway .
The sounds of servants rushing about with food trays , wasping at each other in their haste , caused her to slow down cautiously .
She must not be seen .
Another movement brought her to the side door of their fashionable London town house , and a moment later she was breathing in the night air .
With a hurry born of need , she made the three blocks to the Whitney stables unseen , for there was but one thing she could do and one place she could go : to her grandfather at Guildford House .
The extensive Whitney stables loomed out of the darkness .
It was late , well past ten , and she was certain most of the livery boys would be in bed .
She pulled on the wide wooden latch , lifted it out of its catch , and swung the door gently open .
“ Who ’s that ? ” came the gruff voice of a small man ambling toward her .
The stables were dimly lit , and he pushed the candleholder in his hand toward the intruder ’s face .
“ M ’ lady ! ” he cried out in surprise .
“ Hush , Tabby , ” Myriah whispered , putting one gloved finger to her lips .
“ I need your help , old friend . ”
He squinted at her intently , his dark eyes noting her disheveled attire .
He scratched his short gray hair , and his mouth moved dourly .
“ Eh , now , child , what ye got yeself into this time ? ” “ Oh , Tabby , there is no time to explain now .
Just trust me and help me saddle my horse immediately , and , Tab , I will ride astride ! ” “ Hold now , m ’ girl , ” said the groom authoritatively .
“ You ai n’t thinking of riding out at this time of night ? ” “ Oh , Tabby , please — just saddle Silkie for me .
We need to hurry .
If we do n’t escape I shall be undone ! ”
There was no denying the note of desperation in his lady ’s voice .
He had mounted Myriah on her first pony .
He had served her as he had served and adored her mother , but he was not beneath putting a spoke in her wheel to save her from herself .
He hesitated .
“ First you best tell me what ’s got you running . ” “ Papa means to marry me to Sir Roland …
He is in a temper , Tabby , and there is no gainsaying him .
I must go to Grandpapa . ” “ That wo n’t serve , m ’ lady .
It ’ll set up your father ’s bristles , it will . ” “ If you care for me , get my horse , Tab — please ! ”
Then , with a bit more authority , she added , “ Now — or I shall do it myself . ”
Myriah was out of patience .
Tabson grumbled but disappeared into the darkness while Myriah fidgeted , fearing her father ’s explosion on the scene .
Perhaps he would not realize for a time , but then he would send up a maid to fetch her , and then … her absence would be reported , and he would have to say she had gone to bed ill .
In what seemed interminable but was actually a short time , Tabby returned with his lady ’s horse and a saddled roan for himself .
“ Tabby , what do you think you ’re doing ? ” “ I be going wit ye !
Not the devil ’ imself could stop me ! ” announced her groom as he watched her cinch her saddle in place and hoist herself nimbly onto her horse .
She laughed .
“ Now , Tabby , I have to tell you that you should fear my powers a bit more than the devil ’s . ”
She laughed again and added , “ I ’ve a notion to let you come — so be it ! ”
She flung him a purse containing a tidy sum and led the way , cooing to her glossy , quiet stallion as she urged him onto the cobbled street .
His ears flicked at the sound of her voice .
A breeze caressed her cheeks , and Myriah laughed a wild , unbridled laugh .
She was free — at least for the moment .


~ Two ~


AS THEY PICKED their way through the narrow streets toward Charing Cross , Myriah ’s eyes were bright with excitement .
Even the thought that London at this time of night was not safe for a well - armed man , let alone a young woman , could not disturb her spirits .
“ ’ Tis a wild ride we ’ ave ahead of us , m ’ lady , ” Tabson said sourly .
“ Ai n’t it grand , Tab ?
Imagine !
Riding on the open road with not a soul to say us nay ! ” “ Humph … providing no bridle - cull spots us , ” returned the groom pessimistically .
“ And if he does , we ’ll give him our trinkets and be on our way — ’ tis nothing ! ” said the lady , snapping her finger for emphasis and laughing at the thought of such an escapade .
A company of merry gentlemen stumbled out of a tavern singing quite loudly , out of tune and not at all concerned with this deficiency .
They spotted Myriah and called out robustly for her to stop awhile .
She chuckled but kept up her proud chin , urging her horse to move at a faster pace .
“ Humph ! ” grumbled Tabby .
At last they reached the toll - gate .
After watching Tabby attend to the fee , Myriah gave her horse his head .
They bounded forward in rhythm with one another , and Myriah ’s restlessness lost itself in speed .
How she loved riding freely .
Tabby caught up after some effort and called to his mistress to slow her horse into a canter .
“ Do n’t be all hell and fire , m ’ lady … leastways not in the dark .
Ye ’ll be planting yerself in some rut or other and giving that stallion ye say ye love so much a strained fetlock . ”
She laughed but did indeed ease her spirited horse into a slower gait .
After the docile rides in Hyde Park , this carefree exercise created euphoria , banishing Myriah ’s concern .
Tabson felt it incumbent upon himself to bring his mistress to a sense of reality and dispel the sweetness of her fantasy with his gruff practicality .
“ ’ T’ will not serve , m ’ lady , and well ye know . ” “ Hush , Tab , I wo n’t have you growling at me . ”
Myriah laughed .
“ Growl , is it ? ” said the man , sticking out his lower lip .
“ And what will ye be calling it when yer papa bowls down upon us at Guildford House ? ”
Myriah sighed , and a slight crease marred her brow .
“ Oh dear … he will do so , I suppose . ” “ Hang me if he does n’t !
Then what will ye say ?
Fine set - to there will be ! ” “ Oh , Tabby , I never thought of that .
Papa will be angry to be sure , but he and grandpapa are good friends … ” “ Humph !
Lord Guildford will take your side in the matter , and it ’s plain as pikestaff yer papa is bound to take umbrage .
A rare set - to there will be . ” grumbled the elderly man .
Myriah ’s frown deepened .
“ Oh , Tab , you are taking too doleful a look at the whole thing .
I shall fix things up right and tight .
See if I do n’t ! ”
To this her groom had little to say .
However , he continued to mumble incoherently .
Myriah lost her patience and moved her horse forward , leaving Tab some distance behind her .
When they reached Tunbridge Wells , the horses were watered and rested for a few minutes .
Then once again they set south on the main pike .
The adventure had lost its initial thrill for Myriah , and her mind was now busy with the problems facing her .
There was Sir Roland , who surely would be upset .
She had done him an injustice leaving as she had , allowing him to believe she had acquiesced to her father ’s outrageous plan .
But then , she had not missed his expression , which told her he had not been completely fooled .
But Papa — there was no telling what he might do , though she was fairly certain he would post down to her grandfather ’s in the morning … and then there would be a scene .
The road meandered past rich green farms and through meadowlands boasting of spring wildflowers , whose scent was carried on the growing breeze .
The aroma infiltrated her senses , and for a moment she just breathed it in and sighed .
Feeling rejuvenated , Myriah said , “ Just look about at all this glory . ” “ Look at what , m ’ lady ? ” asked her astonished groom as he came up alongside her .
“ What can ye see in the darkness ?
’ Tis half - daft to try ! ” “ Oh , Tabby , do n’t vex me so .
I can see … with my mind ’s eye , and I do so love Kent . ” “ Aye . ”
Tabson agreed , relenting , for it had been his home as well , and he too was heartily sick of town life .
They maintained a steady pace for the next half hour without speaking .
In her haste Myriah had neglected to put on a riding hat , and her fiery ringlets had tumbled down upon her shoulders .
The breeze was stronger now and whipped the long , thick locks across her cheeks .
With an exasperated sigh she reined in , pulled off a glove , and pinned back the wayward tresses .
Tabson looked up at the sky and mumbled a complaint that made Myriah raise her eyes heavenward .
“ Oh dear … ”
Clouds had gathered and obscured the moon ’s glow , and a low mist had set in and seemed to be getting thicker .
They had been on the road for nearly three hours , and Myriah knew their horses would soon need a proper rest .
“ We are nearly there , are we not , Tabby ? ”
She pulled a face and added , “ This mist is dreadful .
I can barely see ten feet in front of me . ” “ Humph , ” agreed her companion .
For the next thirty minutes they continued , the silence punctuated now and then by an unladylike exclamation when Myriah found herself off road and in the thicket .
At last a fingerpost loomed up at the crossroad , and she rode up to the narrow white wood .
“ Dymchurch three miles — oh , no , Tab , ” Myriah exclaimed .
“ We must have taken the wrong turnoff — we are heading in the wrong direction . ” “ Humph .
Thought the air a bit too salty .
Nothing for it , m ’ lady .
We ’ll have to take the coast road .
It cuts through the marshlands farther down , and we can follow the river a bit to Northiam . ” “ Oh , Tabby , I am so tired .
We ’ve been traveling for hours — how much longer do you think it ’s going to take ? ”
He scratched his head .
“ One … maybe two hours if this mist holds up . ” “ One or two hours !
Why , it must be past two in the morning .
Good lord . ” “ Best be moving on , m ’ lady .
Dymchurch be no place for lingering at night . ” “ Why ? ” asked Myriah , surprised .
“ Because it ai n’t ! ”
She was too weary to press him further and this time allowed him to lead the way .
As suddenly as it had appeared , the mist vanished , and only the dewy grass and moist bushes retained evidence of its earlier visitation .
Low , flat , and marshy lands were dark and eerily foreboding in the blackness .
The road was lined by narrow dikes , glistening rills , and shadows that teased Myriah ’s imagination .
She spurred her horse forward , passing her groom .
A chill and strange sensation seized and swept through her .
All at once , the eerie feeling made her pull her horse up short , sure that she had heard something …
Tabby halted his horse directly behind her and leaned forward in his saddle .
“ What be that ? ” “ Hush , ” commanded his mistress , listening intently .
Again the sound came to her ears , and this time she could identify it .
A horse — it was the snort of a lone horse .
She squinted through the darkness , zeroing in on a clump of evergreens and shaggy bushes .
There — she saw it !
The animal had shaken its head , and she caught the movement , following the line down the horse ’s nose to a dark clump at its hooves .
“ Oh no , Tab ! ”
Myriah uttered worriedly , her heart racing .
She could n’t really see , and yet instinct — a certain ‘ feeling ’ — told her someone lay injured beside the horse .
Without another word she closed the distance to the object of her interest , slid off Silkie , and went down on her knees beside a young man .
His face was half - hidden by his arm , and his fair hair was free of the hat that had fallen beside his limp form .
She pulled the heavy material of his riding coat away from his chest as she eased him onto his back .
Tabby had by this time jumped off his old roan and was leaning over both her and the unconscious stranger .
“ He is hurt , ” she told him .
“ I see that , m ’ lady — must have had a bad fall . ”
However , in an attempt to give the man some air by loosening his garments , Myriah ’s hand had come in contact with something warm and sticky .
Horrified , she pulled her hand away .
“ Oh … oh , no …
Tab … it ’s blood … ”
Her groom knelt beside the unconscious stranger and examined him .
In short order he found the wound through which the man seemed to be losing his life ’s blood ; it was located in the young man ’s upper left arm .
“ Tabby , I ’ll have to make a tourniquet .
Fetch some water from the dike . ”
She tore off a length of her muslin underskirt and handed it to him .
When the groom returned , he placed the cool , wet cloth on the man ’s forehead while Myriah tore another strip of cloth , saying fretfully , “ Oh , I do hope I can remember the knack of it .
When Sir Thomas took a bullet last hunting season a tourniquet saved his life until the doctor was fetched , and I watched how it was done .
Do hold his head up , Tabby … that ’s it , ” she said , slipping the material ’ round his biceps above the wound .
“ Now , Tabby , we ’ll need some of that heathenish brew you call whisky . ”
She saw that he was about to deny the possession of any such thing and added , “ ’ Tis not the time to tell me round tales .
You have not been my dearest Tab all these years without my knowing you .
Now do get it , Tab . ”
The groom grumbled heartily but a moment later produced a bottle of the questionable libation , which he put to the young man ’s pale lips .
The fiery liquid proved to be potent indeed , for the lad coughed fitfully , and his eyes fluttered open .
His lips parted , but he said nothing as he stared up into Myriah ’s face .
Again the whisky was sent down his throat ; again he coughed and squinted at her .
Myriah watched as he attempted to focus .
He whispered hazily , “ Flaming beauty … ”
Myriah realized he was still dazed and took command of the situation .
She grabbed the bottle from Tabby and forced more of the burning brew down the injured man ’s throat .
The young man suddenly tried to sit up .
“ I remember … my horse … ” “ Right here .
Your horse is right here .
What has happened to you ? ”
He stared at her and smiled .
“ I took a fall and have no doubt landed myself in hell , beauty . ”
Myriah laughed out loud .
“ That , sir , is no compliment !
I have always thought men were supposed to declare themselves in Heaven after being brought round by the attending heroine . ”
He looked up at her in puzzlement .
He certainly was hazy , and he had suffered a loss of blood .
Myriah frowned as she watched him trying to regain control of himself .
His voice when it came was faint and gravely troubled .
“ Heaven ?
But you do n’t look like an angel … ”
Myriah again laughed and arched a friendly brow .
“ Indeed , ’ tis a lamentable truth , I must say , but still shabby of you to remark on it ! ”
She sighed mockingly .
“ Ah , but there is yet time to alter your hasty opinion once I put you into the hands of your local doctor . ” “ NO ! ” objected the young man , cutting her off and making a feeble attempt to raise himself up , only to collapse back down .
“ But , sir , ” returned Myriah , prohibiting such action with a firm hand on his chest , “ you have sustained a nasty wound , and it must be attended to at once by someone far more experienced than I . ”
“ Please , ma ’ am … if you … would be so good — just help me get to my feet ? ” “ On no account , ” Myriah replied authoritatively .
“ She - devil ! ” the young man muttered .
“ Have a care , my friend , ” Myriah teased , rallying him as best she could , for he had her worried .
He looked so helpless .
“ I may end by sending for that doctor after all . ”
She sighed and put a hand over his mouth , preventing any further speech .
“ Evidently you have some aversion to the physician in question for reasons not yet known to me .
Very well then .
Where shall we take you ?
You can not continue to lie here in my lap .
I am getting most frightfully stiff . ”
He grinned beneath her palm , and she lifted it from his mouth to allow him speech .
“ Wimborne Towers — just up the pike to River Road . ” “ Right then , Wimborne Towers it is . ”
She turned and called sweetly to her horse .
The black stallion snorted but was in tune to the sound of his mistress ’s voice .
“ It will be much easier for us to get you mounted on my horse , who has a very nice trick . ”
Silkie nudged her , and she told him firmly , “ Down , darlin ’ , that ’s my love . ”
She clucked encouragement at the handsome animal , watching as he went down first on his fores and then completely .
She was proud of him and herself for having taught him the useful ploy .
With Tabby ’s assistance she got the wounded man to his feet and positioned him on the horse .
Myriah then cooed softly to the stallion , bringing him back up .
Her thighs ached from the night ’s riding , the small of her back felt pinched , and her head was throbbing unmercifully .
This was no longer an adventure but a grueling , uncomfortable , mind - racking evening .
She steadied herself before mounting the man ’s horse still grazing by the side of the road and allowed Tabby to lead Silkie while she brought up the rear .
Before long they had reached the fingerpost that turned them onto the River Road .
This led through a stretch of flatland , broken only by a scattering of low , budding trees .
It sloped gently upwards and passed a wooded cluster of birch and evergreens that opened into what obviously had once been a magnificent estate park .
Even in the darkness of night , Myriah was impressed with the estate ’s layout and with the huge Tudor home that beckoned .
Concern for the young man lest he fall off her horse kept Myriah busy watching him , yet even so she felt that the house and the grounds must have once been quite regal , and not so very long ago .
After what seemed an interminable time they reached the covered portico of the mansion .
There was nothing for it but to leave the horses standing as they assisted the young man off Silkie and brought him to the front double doors .
He leaned heavily on Tabby , who had little to say throughout these proceedings , while Myriah banged hard with the knocker .
The young man coughed convulsively .
Myriah , worried lest the bleeding begin again , tried to hush him , but he pulled at a chain at his waist and produced a large brass key .
“ No — no servants , ” he managed to advise them in a hoarse voice .
She exclaimed impatiently as she took the key and worked it in its housing .
She pushed the heavy doors open .
After they helped the young man inside , Tabby closed the doors at his back .
“ Candles on the table … ” the lad told Tabby , who went and lit one in its lantern - styled container .
The wounded man motioned the way to the second floor , and after some exertion they deposited him on his bed .
He closed his eyes and lay back .
Myriah winced , for she could read the pain in his face .
She placed the candle lantern on his nightstand .
Tabby removed the young man ’s torn and dirty coat and undid his waistcoat .
The white linen shirt was already destroyed , and so he made short work of it as he tore it off .
Myriah gasped at the blood - soaked muslin she had wrapped around his wound .
“ Good God , sir … you may be pluck to the backbone or a simpleton — I do n’t care which , for I sha n’t let you go on without medical assistance any longer . ” “ No doctor … please … get me Fletcher . ” “ Fletcher ?
Faith , who is Fletcher ? ” “ My brother ’s groom . ” “ You do n’t need a groom .
You are not a horse .
You need a doctor ! ” “ They fought together in Spain , and he has seen and attended a great many gunshot wounds … he ’ll able to … ” “ Very well then , where is he ? ” asked Myriah , presently beside herself .
This young man would die from loss of blood and infection if something was n’t done soon .
“ His room — above … our stables , ” the lad said , looking as though he were about to pass out .
“ Tabby , ” Myriah said , turning round at once , “ please if you would be so kind , find this Fletcher .
Have him come up at once .
And bring some clean water and whatever cloth you can drum up .
Thank you , Tabby . ” “ Yes , m ’ lady . ”
Myriah sank down upon a nearby chair and allowed herself a moment to study the stranger , noting for the first time that he was quite young , in all probability not much older than herself .
His cheeks were ashen and his brow furrowed with the etchings of pain .
His face was angular , his nose straight , his lips thin and well defined .
He was , even with his mouth distorted by quiet suffering , very attractive .
His hair was a bit longer than neck length and spread behind his head around the pillow .
The candlelight displayed the streaks of gold in his hair that framed a face both youthful and good looking .
“ Faith , Myriah , ” she said ruefully to herself , “ now you ’ve gone and done it .
Here it is no less than five in the morning , and where are you ?
At your grandpapa ’s , safe and warm , cozily tucked into your bed ?
Oh , no !
Not you , Myriah !
Here you sit on a hard chair without the benefit of a fire , attending a man whose fame has bought him a bullet … and you do n’t even know his name ! ”


~ Three ~


A FEW MOMENTS LATER Myriah was poking about at the fireplace grate in an attempt to kindle a blaze .
At last she was rewarded with a spark of light , and as she put a weary hand over her head , she gave silent thanks .
The hard , heavy strides of a man ’s boots taking the stairs came to her ears , and she waited and stared at the open doorway .
An elderly man , of average height and substantial girth , dressed in disheveled woolens , appeared on the scene .
He shook his head , and a long , straight lock of silky white hair fell across his eyes .
He glanced darkly at Myriah , strode heavily into the room , and stopped beside the young man ’s bed .
“ Wisht , wisht , m ’ lad !
Whet they doon ta yah , m ’ bonnie ? ” the newcomer asked , bending low over the wound and examining it carefully .
“ Ah , the divils !
But ye would goa — ye wouldna listen to nobbut yeself !
Ah , Maister William , we be in for it now . ” “ Can you help him , sir ? ” asked Myriah hopefully .
He did n’t bother to glance at her but continued studying the bullet hole .
Tabson returned with an iron pot filled with water , and Myriah motioned for him to set it near the fire .
She turned to find Fletcher pouring brandy over the open wound .
His master groaned and gripped his sheets .
“ Aye , lad … ’ tis gonna get worse , though thank the saints it ai n’t too deep .
’ Ere now , m ’ bonnie , drink up , ” he said as he poured some of the brandy down his master ’s throat .
Fletcher then sidled to the fire and began heating the sharp , thin blade and pinchers he had produced from his pocket .
This done he returned to Master William and motioned for Tabson to hold him steady .
Once again the fiery alcohol was poured over the wound , and then knife met with flesh .
Master William stiffened with pain , and Myriah silently prayed that he would pass out .
However , it was not until the pinchers were inserted into the flesh that the lad was given a reprieve .
The mind has a way of doing its own battle with the brave .
The lad ’s mind detached itself from the proceedings , as though enough was enough — and he was spared a few moments of torture .
Myriah was beginning to feel queasy , but she continued to watch .
Within a moment the offending bullet was produced and removed .
The torn skin was cleaned and cauterized before the bandages were wrapped around the battered arm .
Myriah felt as though a vise had been squeezing her insides .
Her back was tense , and her hands were white with clenching at her fingers .
She thought it was a wonder she had n’t bitten her nails off .
Fletcher covered his master with a clean sheet and blanket , rolled up the bloodied linen , and threw it onto the fire .
He turned to Myriah , his features inscrutable .
“ He ’ll wake soon , and more than likely he ’ll fever up .
You best get some rest afore that happens . ” “ Will he be all right ? ”
Myriah asked anxiously .
“ Thank ’ ee , ma ’ am , that he will wit ’ God ’s ’ elp .
Yer man can bed doon in m ’ quarters — I ’ve got plenty of room — and ye might find ’ is lordship ’s room to yer liking .
It be jest across the hall . ”
His lordship ?
Myriah wondered but said , “ Thank you , Fletcher .
I shall relieve you in a few hours . ”
She fetched another candle in its holder and lit it before venturing into the hallway , where Fletcher pointed out the room she was to occupy .
She smiled at the elderly groom and went inside .
Once there , she set the candle down and looked around at what was obviously a bachelor ’s chambers .
Was this William ’s father ’s room ?
If so , where then was he ?
She removed her jacket and boots , throwing them negligently onto a nearby chair , blew out her candle , and dropped across the bed .
A moment later she was asleep .
* * * With a start Myriah brought up her head .
The room was still clothed in darkness , yet a slit between the drapes allowed the morning ’s gray light to filter through .
The strangeness of her surroundings puzzled her a moment ; then as she felt the dawning of memory , a groan escaped her lips .
She pushed herself up and into a sitting position and became aware of the fact that her body was making known its very strenuous objections regarding her latest escapade .
She felt as though she had been brutally beaten , and a longing to shirk her promise and return to sleep did private battle with her conscience .
Alas , a conscience is a troublesome thing .
Berating herself for a fool , Myriah rose from the bed and attempted to stretch .
With a groan she pulled on her boots and jacket and then encountered yet another problem .
When she attempted to take her first step , she found her legs objects unto themselves .
Hold , they cried .
Did you , Myriah Whitney , not subject us to cruel and flagrant misuse ?
The verdict came in guilty , and Myriah ’s hands went in sympathy and support to her thighs as she crossed the hall to William Wimborne ’s room .
This feat accomplished ( Myriah felt it deserved applause ) , she took a moment ’s respite and leaned against the open door .
Bolstering her courage , she walked stiffly toward Fletcher , who offended her sense of justice by looking wondrously comfortable and deeply asleep on the Queen Anne chair beside his master ’s bed .
She gave the groom a rather rough shake , and he grumbled into consciousness .
“ Fletcher , you are relieved .
How did he sleep ? ” “ Restless he was — gave him a bit of laudanum . ”
He stood , stretched , and added , “ He should sleep peaceful now . ” “ Thank you . ”
Myriah sighed , wondering why she had appointed herself the young man ’s nursemaid .
Fletcher shuffled out of the room , turned to advise her that he would have Cook send up breakfast , and warned her not to mention the cause of his master ’s indisposition to the servant .
“ Cook ? ” asked Myriah .
“ Then there are some servants here after all ? ” “ Jest be Cook and her two lads .
They comes days , she cooks , they cleans , tends to various things , and then they are off , ” Fletcher said and turned abruptly to head out .
Myriah sucked in air , poured some water into the washbasin , and began setting herself to rights .
She would have to ask Tabby to bring her overnight portmanteau to her , for young Wimborne ’s comb was nowhere to be found .
“ Oh , well , ” she mumbled aloud as she sank into the Queen Anne chair and gazed ruefully at the patient .
Now in the full daylight she could see his hair was dark blonde , streaked with gold .
His face had the appearance of a boy — just a boy .
There was a knock at the door , and a young , freckle - faced urchin appeared with a tray .
“ I brung your vittles , ” said the wide - eyed boy as he placed the tray on a nearby table .
“ Fletcher — well … he said … young master took sick and you be tending him . ” “ Thank you , ” Myriah said , dismissing the curious boy with a gentle but firm look .
She swallowed the tea and devoured the buns in a trice , all too aware that some of her aches were due to hunger .
Boredom set in quickly , and she moved toward the long , diamond - paned window overlooking the estate grounds .
The estate was obviously suffering from neglect .
The lawns were overgrown , the flowerbeds needed weeding , bushes sadly wanted pruning , and the stables were in dismal need of paint .
It would appear the Wimbornes had fallen upon hard times .
Surely this had once been an elegant home , for the furniture was exquisite , though the material could stand a good cleaning .
A sound from the bed made her look around , and she discovered her patient had tossed off his covers .
She hurriedly soaked some cloth and began pressing it to his head , bringing up the blanket to cover his exposed chest .
For the next two hours he tossed , fretted , and called for ‘ Kit . ’
It was all she could do to keep him from tearing off the bandages .
At last Tabson came in .
“ I ’ve put your bag in the room you took last night , m ’ lady — thought ye might be needing it . ” “ Oh , Tab , thank you — I do .
But would you stay here with him awhile ?
He is burning up , and I want to go to the kitchen and prepare a tisane to ease the fever . ” “ Yes , m ’ lady . ”
She went downstairs and cautiously made her way to the kitchen .
Once there she found a pleasant , round - faced woman scurrying about with pots and pans and giving orders to her sons .
“ Excuse me ? ”
Myriah called attention to herself .
The woman was startled into a gasp , but then simply nodded a silent greeting and waited , obviously uncertain what to make of the young woman before her .
“ I am so sorry to interrupt your work .
I am Miss … ”
Myriah hesitated to give away her identity and came up with , “ Miss White .
I …
I was on my way to my family in Dover when we lost our way .
I remembered that my cousin ’s home was nearby , and so we stopped here for a night ’s shelter .
Apparently Cousin William ” — she hurriedly adopted him — “ has a fever , and so my groom and I will remain until he is feeling more the thing .
I do hope you will not be put out too unduly by our sudden descent upon you . ”
Cook appeared to like Myriah ’s manners , for she smiled readily and replied she was happy her master had someone to look after him .
Myriah then asked to be given the herbs she needed for the tisane .
It did n’t take long to stir and prepare the brew , and soon Myriah was back in Wimborne ’s bedchamber .
Tabby held him up while Myriah attempted to get the potion into him .
This accomplished , Tab was dismissed , and Myriah continued applying a cloth soaked in rosewater to his head .
He continued to toss for a few moments , rambling incoherent words , and then he drifted off .
A light lunch was sent up to Myriah , and Fletcher attempted to relieve her , but she would have none of it .
For some odd reason she felt she had to care for her ‘ new charge ’ .
At length his sleep seemed more relaxed , and then suddenly she saw him open his eyes .
She was beside him instantly .
He scanned her face and smiled feebly as his memory returned , and then his lids closed and he seemed to sleep again .
For an hour Myriah watched the changes of expressions flit over his face while he slept .
She was fairly certain he was out of the woods and that the fever had broken when all at once he began to start tossing again and fretfully calling for Kit .
Who the devil was Kit , she wondered as she soothed his agitation .
His forehead was on fire , and Myriah had a sudden urge to cry .
He could n’t die , she could n’t let him die , but he had lost so much blood !
Again she wiped away the sweat from his face , neck , and chest .
She cooled his forehead with rosewater , and she prayed .
When he seemed to relax and began sleeping peacefully , Myriah wrung her hands , hoping this was a good sign as she sank down on her chair .
Weary with physical discomfort and mental stress , she closed her eyes , laid her head back , and tried to compose her faculties .
“ I may be in Hell , but I have changed my mind — you are an angel ! ”
Wimborne croaked out , startling her forward .
“ Mr .
Wimborne ! ”
Myriah exclaimed , going to take his hand .
“ Oh , oh , you do look better — not well , but ever so much better . ” “ Thanks to you . ”
He grinned boyishly at her .
She smiled and squeezed his hand .
“ Oh , no . Thanks to your good man , Fletcher .
He has a wondrous skill with a knife .
But you lie still now …
I shall be back in a moment .
What you need now is some gruel . ” “ No , ” said the man , horrified .
“ Well , not perhaps right away .
First I will bring you some tea and toast , ” she said , taking pity and hurrying out of the room .
Sometime later , having plied her patient with buttered toast and tea , Myriah watched him fall off to sleep , feeling extraordinarily pleased with herself .
She had herself only dozed for a few minutes when a knocking at the open door roused her and she found Fletcher in its frame ready to relieve her .
She smiled and dragged herself to her bedchamber , threw off her clothes , and sank naked beneath the satin coverlets , where she fell quickly off to sleep .
Dreams plagued her peace .
They were muddled , lost in time , sending images to taunt and harass her .
Sir Roland was there ; he grabbed her and held her , and all she wanted to do was run …


* * * Kit Wimborne , sixth Viscount of Wimborne Towers , had arrived at his home well after dinner to find it shrouded in darkness .
He unsaddled his horse himself in the courtyard rather than wake his elderly groom and set the horse into the pasture .
He was tired from the day ’s work and thinking about the future .
He shrugged off his greatcoat and hung it on the wall rack just inside the kitchen entrance before he poured himself a shot of whisky and downed it .
Lantern in hand , he moved upstairs to his bedchamber .
He was surprised that the drapes in his room had been pulled tight but was too tired to contemplate the mystery .
He set the lit lantern on a side table and shrugged out of his clothes .
He then picked up the lantern and made his way to his bed , setting the lantern on the nightstand .
However , there he stopped short .
Someone with long , flaming ringlets of hair was lying face down , covered only to her waist — in his bed !
His first thought made him grin .
His puppy of a brother had no doubt brought her home with him , but why would the rascal send her off to his bedchamber ?
Drape mystery solved , and another one to contemplate … in a bit , but first … ?
He sat beside the woman just as she rolled over .
He got a full view of her face and a slight view of her full and luscious breasts .
Damn !
He gently and deftly pulled away the thick , fiery tresses from their owner ’s face and shoulders to have a better look at her face .
The object of these ministrations sighed contentedly as he sucked in air and felt a moment ’s enchantment .
She was ravishing , and he released a soft whistle .
He pulled a rueful grin as he thought his brother had certainly won himself a worthy piece of muslin — worthy a full grown and experienced man … such as himself .
His decision to have a better and more detailed look at the creature lying unsuspectingly in his bed was a natural occurrence , given the circumstances , believing as he did that she had been paid for her night ’s services .
Again , his hands worked dexterously as he removed the quilted covering from the beauty ’s tantalizing form .
His eyes wandered slowly and appreciatively over her lush curves and her tantalizing nipples .
Then she moaned and turned once more onto her stomach and gave him a view of her exquisite back .
She shivered suddenly , and his lordship sought to remove her discomfort by covering her — with his own naked body .
He put his arm across her and leaned over her lithe form , a sudden spark reviving his blood and chasing away all thought of sleep .
“ Now what to do with you , sweet , ” he murmured .
Grinning , he thought , One should n’t infringe on one ’s brother ’s property — but really , Billy , why the devil did you put her in my bed ?
This question repeated itself , and still grinning , his lordship decided the only thing to do in such a situation was to wake her — his way !
His fingers moved sensuously as they stroked her soft , bare arms .
He shifted position so he was stretched right up against her silky , naked body , and his hard dick began to dance and play …
He nibbled at her delicate ears and placed a warm kiss on her throat .
She groaned pleasurably .
The sound stimulated him , and one masculine calf straddled her outstretched legs as he leaned over her and took her mouth with his .
* * * Myriah felt the sweet pressure , and her dream took on a new force , one that sent a fire bolt racing through her veins .
Her arms went around the virile , muscular body , the source of her dream ’s acute burning .
Dreaming … she had to be dreaming — how else would she be holding a rock - hard , muscular body in her arms ?
All at once Myriah was awake .
Unable to speak in spite of the fact that her lips were now quite free , she lay staring in utter disbelief at the stranger she was still holding in her arms .
She lay for a moment in quiet astonishment , trying to collect her thoughts as she stared at the stranger ’s face .
He was smiling provocatively , and she noted the ruggedness of his features .
Somehow , they seemed familiar .
But he was a stranger nonetheless — and he was in her bed , taking advantage of her .
This notion was followed by the next , that being it was no doubt time to drop her arms and pull out of range , which she did speedily , wondering all the while how the deuce this situation had come to pass .
Her blue - green eyes glittered angrily as she sought words ; a scream seeded itself in her throat and surely would have been emitted had not the stranger had the foresight to put his powerful hand over her parting lips .
This quite naturally did little to inspire trust , and yet his friendly grin seemed to suggest he meant no harm .
“ Hush there , sweetings …
I do n’t mean to take any more than you are willing to give , ” said the handsome man above her .
Outrage surged through Myriah , and she managed to work the skin between his thumb and forefinger into her dainty mouth , whereupon she latched her teeth onto her target and bit down hard .
This produced the required result : he jumped away .
With an oath , he was out of the bed and standing in all his glory — and that glory was still at full mast .
Myriah could not help but stare .
It was the first time she had ever actually seen a man ’s cock .
She and her friends had often discussed and giggled about sex and the naked stone statues they had secretly glanced at , but this … this , she found momentarily diverting .
His lordship was not diverted or self - conscious about his state of undress .
As he sucked his wounded finger , he stared hard at her , noting that she seemed transfixed on his privates .
The gasp that had been stuck in her throat finally escaped .
The words of outrage got mingled with fear , and she jumped up to a sitting position .
Pulling the covers around herself , she pointed towards the door as she blubbered , “ How dare you !
Get out of my room ! ”
His voice was low , husky , and full with a sensually lined amusement .
“ Well , little bird , for one thing … this is my room .
And for another , although I should be throwing you out , I think I ’ll keep you in spite of your offense to my person . ” “ Keep me ?
Keep me ! ”
Myriah could n’t understand what was happening and who this could possibly be .
“ Aye then , my brother no doubt brought you home with him , but since he has set you up in my bed , I suppose he means to share . ” “ Your brother … share … ? ”
Myriah put up her chin .
“ For your information , I brought your brother home , and he was in a very bad way — wounded , in fact — and my groom , your Fletcher , and I have been tending to him ! ”
All at once , the muscular and tall gentleman frowned darkly .
He crossed the room and retrieved a long black brocade dressing gown , threw it on , and demanded of her , “ Now … explain yourself ! ” “ Explain myself ? ” “ My brother , you say … ” he returned impatiently .
Myriah could not help but note the size and breadth of the man and the fact that he was extraordinarily gorgeous , with his dark blonde hair and glittering gray eyes .
“ Yes , we found him by the side of the road .
He had been shot … we brought him here … ”
He was out of the room like a charging bull , taking long , hard strides .
Myriah shot out of bed and dug in her portmanteau for the sky - blue velvet robe she had packed .
She quickly slid into it and tied it at her small waist before barefoot she padded after him .


* * * Lord Wimborne stood for a moment over his brother ’s still form .
William looked absurdly youthful , dangerously pale , and helpless .
His lordship decided not to wake him but instead brushed a stray lock of hair from his brother ’s forehead .
Billy ’s eyes flashed open .
“ Kit ! ” whispered young Wimborne as though he were viewing a god .
“ Young fool — they tell me you caught a bullet , ” Lord Wimborne said gravely .
“ Devil is in it that I did — but there was nothing for it , Kit … had to go out … for I got word … ” “ Never mind that now .
We ’ll talk about it later .
I would like to know something about the chit in my bed … if you feel up to talking . ” “ Ah , you ’ve seen the she - devil , have you ? ”
Lord Wimborne laughed .
“ I have . ” * * * “ She - devil ? ”
Myriah almost snorted as she came to stand beside Billy ’s bed and touch his forehead .
“ Now that is a fine introduction to your brother . ” “ She makes me eat gruel , ” Billy Wimborne explained to his older brother .
“ For your own good . ”
Myriah smiled sweetly .
“ And besides , I put a touch of honey in it , did n’t I ? ” “ Still not palatable , and I tell you what , I want eggs and ham tomorrow morning . ” “ Eggs and ham . ”
Myriah shook her head and touched his arm .
“ Well , we shall see …
I will leave you to your brother . ”
Billy reached out and grabbed her hand .
“ No need for you to leave . ” “ And still , I think , you need some moments with your brother . ”
She turned to his lordship and eyed him darkly as though silently berating him for their earlier encounter .
“ Do not tire him . ”


* * * His lordship watched the young woman ’s retreating form .
She was an exquisite beauty , and her fiery hair against the blue velvet caught and riveted the imagination .
“ Now tell me … who the devil is she ? ”
Billy suddenly realized he had not yet asked Myriah her name .
He had been teasing her all day , and they had bantered back and forth , but all he knew was that her groom , Tabby , called her Miss Myriah .
He told his brother this with a heavy sigh , beginning to feel fatigued once more .
“ And that is it ?
You did n’t ask her where she was from , or what she was doing on the Pike Road at that hour , or what her family name is and how she can stay on here without sending word to someone ? ” “ No … very ill - mannered of me , I know … but … was n’t feeling quite the thing … ”
Kit realized at once that he had over - taxed his young brother .
He touched Billy ’s arm , saying , “ There … go to sleep .
We will get this all sorted out in the morning . ” “ Aye , but Kit …
Fletcher gave her your room . ”
Billy grinned mischievously .
“ I have already discovered that fact . ”
Dawning lit in Billy ’s gray eyes so much like his brother ’s .
“ Oh !
So that is it ! ”
He laughed , coughed , and laughed some more .
“ Good night , scamp , ” Kit threw over his shoulder as he made his way to his bedroom .
He encountered the lady in question in the long hallway .
She had her bag and had made her way down the hall to open a door and sniff .
She turned to him and said stiffly , “ It smells dusty , but I ’ll deal with that in the morning . ”
A nod of her head and she was in the room , closing the door , which he then heard bolted .
An involuntary smile crept over his face .


* * * “ You look different , you do , ” Billy offered as Myriah tried feeding him some gruel , only to have it pushed away .
“ I look different because , my odious friend , I have changed my clothing and brushed my hair . ” “ Well , it ’s about time , ” said her patient .
Her blue - green eyes glared .
“ Oooh , but I think you deserve this gruel ! ”
She made another attempt to put the spoon of the warm meal to his lips .
“ Damnation , girl ! ” the young man said with as much authority as he could muster under the circumstances .
“ ’ Tis food I need — not gruel . ” “ And food is what you shall get once you have shown me you can hold the gruel down . ” “ I am in Hell , and you are a she - devil ! ” “ Really , Mr . Wimborne , earlier this morning you declared me an angel . ” “ I was delirious , for you ai n’t an angel but a wicked she - devil bent on having her own way .
Knew it the moment I laid eyes on your flaming hair ! ” retorted Mr . Wimborne .
“ Aha !
Not only are you an adventurer , you are an ingrate as well . ”
Myriah teased , pleased to see him in such spirits .
He smiled feebly , but fatigue prevented him from further repartee , and he settled back against his pillows .
Myriah observed this and refrained from teasing him .
Instead , she said softly , “ Come then … have a spoonful . ”
He groaned but did in fact allow himself to be fed , making an awful face as he swallowed the food .
Tabson appeared with a tray and set it on a nearby table before eyeing his mistress .
“ Thank you , Tabby . ”
She knew what he wanted — he wanted to leave and hurry to her grandfather ’s and avoid any further trouble .
He had already lectured her earlier that morning .
She , however , had other ideas .
She tried to ply her patient with another spoon , but he waved a hand at her .
“ Go away ! ”
She put the bowl down on the nightstand and propped up his pillows .
He eyed her suspiciously .
“ What are you doing now ? ” “ Making you more comfortable so you will finish your gruel . ” “ No , ” said her patient .
“ No ? ”
She eyed him warningly .
She brought another spoon to his mouth and was surprised when he took it without a fight .
“ That ’s it , Mr . Wimborne … that ’s the ticket . ” “ Billy to you … after all , you can not be shoving that slovenly mush into m ’ mouth and calling me , Mr . Wimborne ! ”
He smiled broadly .
“ ’ Tis ridiculous , and I ’ll not call you anything but she - devil . ”
She wedged another spoonful into the poor man ’s mouth and grinned .
“ My name , sir , is Myriah — Myriah White . ”
She felt a twinge of guilt ; she did n’t want to fib to him , but she had to keep up the pretense .
“ Myriah , you know , suits you .
You look like a Myriah . ”
She smiled , thinking he was giving her a compliment , and then he threw in , “ ’ Tis but another name for she - devil after all ! ”
She laughed and shoved another spoonful into his open mouth .
However , that was the last he would take , and he pointed to her tray of food .
“ What do you have ? ”
She sighed and went to her own platter of sirloin and roast potatoes .
He watched her pick at her meal and muttered something incoherent .
Myriah laughed and brought her platter to the bed , whereupon the two shared the single meal .
Each seemed quite pleased with the other , and Myriah left him resting peacefully , promising to return with tea and biscuits later in the day .
Below stairs , curiosity drew her to an open door just off the central hall , and she entered cautiously to find a well - stocked library .
However , what captured her attention was the far wall , which was covered with portraits .
They appeared to be family portraits .
She lit a candle since the room was shrouded in the darkness of the day .
It was drizzling outside , and although the library housed a wonderful panoramic window , there was n’t much light to be had .
With the candle sconce in hand she went to the portraits and held it high to have a good look at one in particular of a young lad and a man .
Here was William Wimborne and his lordship , and the painting must have been commissioned quite a few years ago .
Billy looked to be no more than fifteen or sixteen in the portrait , and his lordship looked fascinating and happier than when she had met him .
She put a finger to her lips as she studied the painting .
His lordship ’s honey - colored hair had been very accurately captured … as had been the strong line of his jaw .
She heard someone behind her and spun around to stare up at Lord Kit Wimborne .
The air she had been breathing suddenly burned in her throat .
He was devastatingly handsome , and for a moment she felt like an awkward schoolgirl .
He wore a riding jacket of dark blue , cream - colored breeches , and high black boots polished to a fine sheen .
His honey - colored hair hung to his shoulders in waves of thick silk , and his gray eyes glittered and reminded her that she had been naked under his touch .
Her cheeks felt warm as she managed to say , “ Oh … my lord . ”
He smiled , and as though he had never treated her like a piece of fluff , had never touched her naked skin , he said , “ I trust you slept well in your … er … dusty room ? ” “ I did … and it is dusty no longer .
Spent a bit of time this morning and set it to rights . ” “ Good .
Now if you will , Miss … ” “ White , Myriah White , ” she offered hastily .
“ Miss White …
I have some questions . ”
He waved her to a brown leather winged chair and took one up opposite after she deposited the candleholder on a nearby table and sat .
“ I would like to know what you and your groom were doing on the Pike Road at such an hour . ” “ We were on the way to my aunt ’s in Dover .
We lost our way … rested the horses and ourselves , and again became hopelessly lost .
We had n’t meant to travel so late , you see , and then I noticed a horse near the ditch and after investigating , found your brother , bleeding to death in the ditch . ”
There , she thought , that should silence him .
“ I see .
Then we have imposed on you long enough .
Should you need help finding the correct road to Dover , I will be happy to take you there in the morning . ” “ No . ” Myriah frowned .
She had quite convinced herself that she needed to stay for at least a week , thinking she was already in so much trouble , what was another week ?
In fact , perhaps her father would be so worried he would no longer be furious , only concerned and happy to have her back safe and sound .
“ No ? ” “ What I mean to say … what I have to tell you … well , I suppose only the truth will do .
My father wishes me to marry a man I do not love … ” “ I see , and you … can not like the match ? ” “ I do not wish to marry at all , but unfortunately my father discovered us … kissing … and believes that my honor is at stake , which of course it is not .
For goodness sake , why should I be forced to marry someone over a kiss ?
’ Tis nonsense . ” “ And you think to hide from him here ?
Eventually , you will need to go home . ” “ Yes , but time … often fixes things … do n’t you think ? ” “ Time can also work against you , my dear . ” “ Please , my lord , just another week ? ”
Myriah pleaded .
He frowned and then sighed .
“ I ca n’t very well throw you out .
You have saved my brother ’s life and have played nursemaid to him … right then , one week , Miss White . ” “ Thank you , ” Myriah said , feeling wicked about keeping her true identity from him while she remained in his home .
He got up .
“ I think I ’ll visit that scamp brother of mine . ”
He inclined his head .
“ Till later then . ”
She watched him go and sighed .
It was time to go to the kitchen to visit with Cook and pick up some more information about Lord Wimborne .


* * * The cook greeted her warmly and asked how the young master was .
Myriah smiled .
“ I am sure he will be calling for a man ’s dinner this evening .
In the meantime , I thought I would fix some tea and biscuits and take it up to him in a bit . ” “ How kind of you , Miss , ” Cook said , beaming .
“ Oh … and I have taken a guestroom and polished it up , but I need some fresh linens and another blanket for the bed .
I looked everywhere but could n’t find them . ” “ Lord love ye , ” clucked Cook , “ that was a job for m ’ lads , that was .
I ’ll have them take up what ye need . ” “ Thank you , ” Myriah said over her shoulder as she put a kettle on the fire .
“ Was n’t expecting his lordship back so soon , ” Cook said , obvious looking to gossip .
She put a stack of sweet tarts on the tray Myriah had set on the table .
“ Yes , Mr . Wimborne was surprised as well — oh , and those look good . ” “ They be young Wimborne ’s favorite . ” “ Have you been with them at Wimborne long ? ” asked Myriah .
“ M ’ mother was cook at Wimborne before me … ’ tis a shame what hard times will do to a place . ” “ And they have fallen onto hard times ? ” asked Myriah .
“ That they ’ ave … we used to have quite a staff running about … then something went wrong jest this past year — just after his lordship come home from fighting the Frenchies in Spain .
All but me and my boys were let go . ” “ How dreadful !
Those poor people — did they find work ? ”
The cook cast her eyes away from Myriah ’s face and suddenly busied herself again .
“ Oh , as to that … they make out all right . ”
Odd , thought Myriah .
Why had the woman become suddenly secretive ?
She took up the tray , marveling to herself at its weight , and made her way to young Wimborne ’s room .
Without knocking at the open door , she sauntered in , placed the heavily laden tray on a stained wood table , and pulled it to the bed .
Exclaiming disapprovingly , she made her way to the long window - hangings and opened them .
“ There , that ’s better ! ” she said , hands on hips .
There was n’t much light from the dismal day , but it was better than total darkness .
“ Oh God , she ’s back ! ” groaned young Wimborne .
Myriah said nothing to this but went to his water pitcher , poured some of the cool water into the basin , and brought it to the bed .
Dipping a washcloth in the water she moved it over her patient ’s face and neck , then left it in his free hand while she brought him a towel .
“ There , ” she exclaimed with approval .
“ Now do n’t you feel better ? ” “ She - devil , move aside and let me eat ! ” retorted her patient .
She laughed , drew up a chair for herself , and placed a tray of delectables on his knees .
“ Eat , puppy .
I am told the strawberry tart is your favorite . ” “ Aye , so it is . ”
He smiled widely .
“ Sip your tea first , ” she said , placing them out of his reach .
“ Fiend ! ”
He snorted but took up the cup and did in fact sip with a sound of pleasure .
She sipped her own tea and slid his tart to him .
Watching him eat with relish , she thought he was well on the mend .
When he had finished , she poured him another cup and handed it over , spilling a bit as she did so .
“ Careful , chit ! ” admonished Mr . Wimborne , grinning .
“ Ungrateful scamp !
Be satisfied it was not dropped on your head . ” “ And is that how you treat your benefactor , Billy my lad ? ” said a male voice from the doorway .
“ Back , Kit ?
Have some tea and one of those tarts , and aye , ’ tis only what she deserves .
She is a fiend . ” “ Would you like some tea , my lord ?
I ’ve brought an extra cup , ” Myriah said , feeling for no apparent reason a sensation very much like shyness .
“ Thank you , Miss White , ” his lordship replied quite formally .
Myriah peered at him , wondering if this tall , honey - haired man was indeed the same one who had leaned over her last evening .
He seemed so distant and … cold .
His imposing figure loomed above them as he came over for the teacup .
He took up a chair and sat across from her with the small table between them , and Myriah decided to ignore him by sipping her tea .
“ Drink up , ” Myriah ordered , returning her attention to Billy , who was staring out the window , his cup in mid - air .
“ Fire - breather … no need for you to order me about — I was just about to , ” returned Mr . Wimborne , grinning .
Lord Wimborne laughed , sat back , and relaxed as he listened to the lively exchange between the two .
He wondered about Miss White , as she called herself .
She looked and behaved every bit the spoiled lady — certainly her clothes had come from none other than Madame Bertin ’s Salon .
Then , too , there was something in her self - assurance — something that spoke of breeding and exposure to a London Season .
Yet he had never heard of the White family name .
Then there was her story — it seemed odd and , though he believed it , something in her eyes had hinted of falsehoods .
It annoyed him and hovered about his thoughts like a fretful child .
He watched her get up .
Instinctively , his eyes meandered slowly over her body , but his eyelids quickly veiled his appreciation of her form .
This was one pretty his instincts cautioned him to pass .
“ If you will excuse me , gentlemen , I am sure you two have matters to discuss , and I would dearly love a quick visit to the stables to look in on my Silkie , ” Myriah said , brushing a few crumbs into a napkin and leaving it on the table .
“ But it is raining , ” his lordship offered with a frown .
“ Ha !
As though that could stop the she - devil , ” teased Billy , waving her off .
With her departure Kit relaxed and chuckled as he watched his brother devour another strawberry tart .
“ Billy , you and Miss White seem to have progressed into an extremely comfortable relationship , ” he said , eying him speculatively .
“ Hmmm … she is a top sawyer .
Do n’t let her bossiness fool you , Kit .
She really is grand , you know ! ” “ And how came you to this profound conclusion about a young lady you hardly know ? ” his lordship asked drily .
“ Kit ! ”
Billy protested .
“ She saved my life !
If Myriah had not found me and brought me home , I could have bled to death on the grass … or worse ! ” “ Worse ? ”
Kit laughed and then sighed , “ Very well , we will allow her that much .
She did indeed deliver you into Fletcher ’s hands instead of hauling you off to the doctor ’s … which would have been the very devil to deal with . ” “ Aye , but , Kit , ” objected Billy once again , “ she did far more than that !
Lord — ai n’t Fletcher told you ?
He told me … fastened some sort of thing … ah , a tourniquet that slowed my blood from spilling out altogether .
And what ’s more , she never asked how I came by my bullet !
Not one question .
Nor does she talk around it like some females do trying to get you to slip up and give over … ”
Kit laughed and put up his hands .
“ That , of course makes her right ’ un ! ” “ Yes , it does , ” Billy said defensively .
“ She is plucky — for you must know her father has tried to bully her into marrying some chap she did n’t take to .
Up she gets and runs away !
How many females do you know have the backbone to take such a step ? ” “ She told you that , eh ? ”
His lordship was mildly surprised and asked , “ And that step meets with your approbation , Billy ? ” “ Now , Kit , come down a leg !
Lord , it ai n’t like you to get some preachy look over your face .
’ Tis humbug you be pitching at me , and I want to know why ! ” “ Frankly , I do n’t wish for you to become involved with a girl of her stamp — ” started his lordship .
A gusty laugh drowned out Kit ’s words .
“ Involved ?
Egad , Kit …
Myriah is a dazzler !
Lord do n’t know when I ’ve clapped eyes on a brighter flower .
But she no more wants my name than she wants that fellow ’s she is running away from ! ” “ But what do you want , my bucko ? ”
Kit asked .
“ I want a fairy queen with china - blue eyes , corn silk hair blowing soft in the breeze … and I want her ten years from now ! ”
Billy grinned .
Kit smiled and stood up .
“ All right , lad .
I ’ll plague you no more — for the time being .
Get some rest . ” “ The devil I will ! ” retorted his brother .
“ ’ Tis your turn now , my brother . ” “ My turn , brat ? ”
Kit ’s brow went up .
“ Aye , what I want to know is why are you back … now ? ”


~ Four ~


MYRIAH MARVELED TO HERSELF at how different the land appeared during the daytime .
The lawns , though overgrown , were a lush green and with but a little mending would once again be something pure and soft .
The drive led to a winding , deeply etched , sea - green dyke .
An apple orchard ’s rich blossoms filled the blue sky , and Myriah felt strangely content as she strolled along .
She liked Billy Wimborne .
He was open , honest , and did n’t try to flirt her to death … and all these traits were refreshing after her two seasons amongst the sophisticated London beaux !
Lord Wimborne was a different thing altogether .
He was an experienced man — in many ways .
She had n’t made up her mind about him .
His gray eyes held secrets , his manner sophistication … and she had no doubt he was something of a ladies ’ man .
He had been away fighting the French , which was why she had never encountered him at any of the London balls .
He had shown himself a dangerous libertine last night .
He had taken a liberty without caring who she was , why she had been there … and the memory of his touch still thrilled her body .
He behaved as though it had never happened .
He seemed totally disinterested in her , and Myriah was irritated by the fact .
Why did she care ?
Because , she told herself , there was a mystery here she would enjoy unraveling .
Why had Billy been shot ?
Why had the Wimbornes fallen on bad times ?
And if they had , how did his lordship manage to acquire such superbly cut garments ?
And the stables — some very prime blood horses were housed there !
Just as these thoughts flitted about her mind , Myriah ’s feet felt the reverberation of horses ’ hooves .
Without knowing why , her heart skipped nervously , and she turned and made a dash up the drive towards the house , cutting across the lawns and reaching the front doors just as a group of riders in military uniform appeared on the front drive .
She rushed into the house , went to a mirror , and tidied herself — and something deep in the pit of her stomach told her she would have to keep her wits about her .
A moment later the heavy knocker sounded .
Myriah smoothed her blue silk skirt , took a long breath , and moved slowly toward the door , fixing a becoming smile on her face as she did so .
Myriah opened the door wide and allowed her charm to play about her eyes and mouth , dazzling the young man standing on the portico .
He whipped off his Tricorn hat and tucked it under his arm .
Myriah smiled shyly , allowing him to think she was dazzled by his red and blue uniform .
The officer cleared his throat and bellowed in an official tone , “ Is this the home of Mr . William Wimborne ? ”
Myriah smiled prettily , and it would have been a hard man indeed who could doubt the innocence she portrayed .
“ Why , yes , sir , it is … but pray , who may you be ? ”
Once again he cleared his throat and continued in the same tone , trying not to look her over .
“ I am Corporal John Stone .
Is Mr . Wimborne at home , madam ? ” “ Why , yes , sir , he is — but let us not stand here !
Do come in , ” Myriah said disarmingly .
Before accepting her invitation , the corporal turned to the handsome collection of military minions astride their horses and ordered them to await his return .
Myriah closed the door behind him and turned once again to smile .
The corporal was not proof against her wiles , and with his men out of sight , he allowed himself the luxury of enjoying her friendly smile .
“ I regret , madam , that I must ask you to have Mr . Wimborne called , ” he said , beginning to open a small leather bag that swung from his wrist .
She regarded this with interest , and as the corporal produced a somewhat damaged man ’s dark top hat , clapped her hands with a superb show of grateful animation .
“ Oh !
That is William ’s hat !
I am so pleased you found it .
You can have no notion how disturbed I have been ever since I was so careless as to lose it . ”
Taken aback , the corporal blinked at Myriah .
“ You … you say … you lost it ? ”
He hesitated a moment and then looked at Myriah intently .
“ May I ask how it came to be in your possession and who you might be ? ”
She giggled and took the hat from him before he realized what she was about .
With an admirable quickness of wit she discovered all she needed to know and begged the corporal to observe the line her finger traced .
“ There … do you not see how soiled the lining has become ?
I thought this was a perfectly good hat — or at least it was until I was stupid enough to drop it .
At any rate I was taking it into town to have a new lining installed .
I did so want to have my cousin ’s name embroidered inside as well and then bring it back as a surprise .
But how wonderful that you have found it , for perhaps now I can set it to rights . ” “ I see … you … say Mr . Wimborne is your cousin ? ” “ Why , yes , I am Miss Myriah White , and I am staying just a few days before I leave for my aunt ’s in Dover .
Do tell me … where did you find the hat ? ” continued Myriah sweetly .
“ Not very far from the house , Miss White … ”
The Corporal faltered , his frown deepening , for his case had suddenly vanished .
“ Near a rather large area of stained grass . ” “ Stained grass ? ”
Myriah asked in surprise .
“ Yes , Miss White … stained with blood , ” the corporal said without caution .
“ Oh — oh dear … blood , you say … ?
Oh …
I do feel ill , ” she peeped at him .
“ Was it an animal , poor thing ? ”
She put a hand to her heart .
“ Yes … do tell us , ” said a deep , authoritative voice from the stairs .
Lord Wimborne came forward and asked , “ Was it animal blood ? ”
The young military man blushed .
“ Well , no , my lord — actually we are certain … we have reason to believe a man was shot . ” “ Why ? ” pursued his lordship , his face stony .
The corporal eyed Lord Wimborne .
“ Confound it , my lord , you know very well why !
We shot at a smuggler and found a pool of blood on your land ! ”
Lord Wimborne ’s hard gray eyes never flickered .
His lips were set and his tone was dry .
“ Then , it appears to me you should be seeking the desperate individual in earnest and not delivering hats ! ”
The riding officer ’s cheeks flushed .
It was obvious he believed he was being duped , but there was not very much he could do .
He was already on dangerous ground .
“ But — but , my lord … ” “ Shall I fetch my brother ?
Perhaps if he were to confirm the ownership of the hat in question … ”
Lord Wimborne said coldly .
The young man turned and rubbed his hawk - like nose .
He was going to catch hell for this .
He had no proof , and it was obvious his lordship meant to stir up the coals if he did not retreat .
“ No , that wo n’t be necessary .
I should be getting back to my men .
We do , as my lord has pointed out , have smugglers to trap . ”
He turned , bowed to Myriah , and softly offered , “ Good day . ”
Lord Christopher Wimborne stood as though transfixed on the closed door as he waited for the sound of retreating mounted soldiers .
At length he sighed and looked at Myriah with a questioning glance .
“ You make an excellent prevaricator , Miss White , ” he said quietly .
“ I find that ‘ excellent and prevaricator ’ do not a compliment make , and I do not take it as one , ” Myriah returned .
What was in his head now — just what was wrong with him ?
“ Would you do me the honor of advising me why you felt it necessary in this circumstance ? ”
She looked at him fully and felt her brows arch .
Whatever was the matter with him ?
Did n’t he realize she had playacted to protect Billy ?
Apparently not , for it was evident he was displeased with her .
“ My lord , I thought you overheard all — he wanted to see Billy . ” “ And what — you felt he should not ? ” asked his lordship .
“ I very naturally thought he should not , but why , Miss White , did you ? ” “ My goodness … he is an exciseman , as you very well know .
Furthermore , they were looking for a man they had shot at and hit , and had they seen Billy with his wounded arm , naturally conclusions would have been drawn .
I did not wish them to … look towards Billy . ” “ Then , Miss White , you believe my brother to be a smuggler ? ” his lordship asked , his expression and tone unfathomable .
“ Nooo , indeed , I do not ! ”
Myriah played with her fingers .
“ What I believe is that Billy became embroiled , ” she then muttered , “ as I often have been , in … in an excursion that somehow got out of hand .
I do n’t know what that excursion was , nor do I care .
What I do care about is your brother ’s well - being .
Do you disapprove ? ” “ Disapprove ?
Why , no — you did just what I would have done had I answered the door of my home ! ” his lordship returned drily .
“ Oh ! ” said Myriah , the color rising to her cheeks .
“ I …
I am so sorry .
Indeed the circumstances which threw your brother and me together … were such that all formalities were dropped .
I … it … seems I have presumed … ” she said , turning her face away .
A painful hollow was created somewhere in the region of her chest — a hurt she recognized as rejection .
Myriah had never before been rejected , and it came as a facer from this handsome blade .
Kit studied the top of her fiery head a moment .
He could not allow himself to trust her .
He sensed a lie about her , and yet when her magnificent eyes had met his own so innocently searching for approbation he had wanted to reassure her — and yet he did n’t .
He was angry , far too angry with her , for having spoken to the exciseman , for if Myriah had not been suspicious before , she certainly would be now .
Yet a guilty pinch nipped at him .
It was unlike him to be rude to anyone , least of all a lovely woman , and there was no use denying his attraction for Myriah .
She would have to go — and soon !
“ If you will excuse me , Miss White , it seems I have been most rude .
While you are at Wimborne Towers , do consider it your own . ”
He saw the defensive look that took over her face and felt a wave of admiration for the control she exerted over her anger .
Damn but she was exquisite !
“ Consider Wimborne Towers my own ?
My lord , I take leave to tell you that I would not , with the exception of your brother , associate myself with anything that is yours ! ”
She turned on her pretty blue slipper , picked up the velvet skirts of her form - fitted peacock blue gown , and sped to the second floor , leaving him gazing after her with a slow , warm grin covering his countenance .
* * * Myriah slammed the door to the bedroom and leaned back against its cool whiteness , arms folded and smooth cheeks flushed .
The utter want of civility of him !
The inconsiderate … ill - bred … cad , thought Myriah heatedly .
She crossed the room quickly , picked up a well - used deck of playing cards , and handled it agitatedly .
Lord … if he but knew who she was , but thankfully , he did not … for he could use it against her , could n’t he ?
And she did not want Lord Wimborne to be civil to her because he was impressed by her name or her wealth .
No , she wanted him to like her for herself .
For some inexplicable reason he seemed bent on finding fault with her .
’ Twas not only over the incident with the military man , but earlier that morning in Billy ’s room .
She had felt his coldness — even his dislike — and had been surprised by it .
She looked at the deck of cards in her hands for the first time and thought of Billy Wimborne .
A soft smile crept into her eyes .
At any rate , here was someone who took her as she was .
She turned and left the room , crossed the hall , and knocked on his open door .
“ It ’s about time ! ” yelled the young man inside .
As Myriah entered he pulled a long face and complained , “ Thought you had all forgotten me , and I ’ m devilishly hungry ! ”
She laughed .
“ Well , ’ tis only noon yet — so you shall have to wait , but how would you like a game of faro to help pass the time ? ” “ She - devil ! ” returned young Mr . Wimborne .
“ Here I am half - dead , and you after m ’ blunt ! ”
For answer she laughed , drew up the stained wood table , sat across from him , and smiled .
“ I shall deal . ” “ Then do so , but I warn you , m ’ girl , keep your hands above the table ! ”
They played a few hands before Billy asked casually who had been at the house .
Myriah eyed him for a moment .
“ Why do you ask ? ” “ Because Kit left m ’ room to go greet our guest , and we get so few these days , and then he up and disappears .
And you … you slam doors — well , it fair sets a chap to wondering , ” he said , raising his eyes to her face .
“ Your odious brother does not like me — not that I care — but he need not be so rude .
After all … ” “ After all what ?
And do n’t be calling m ’ brother odious ! ”
Billy snapped , quick to range himself on his brother ’s side .
“ Well , of course , you would not think so .
But then he was not uncivil to you ! ”
Myriah retorted , flushing .
“ Was Kit uncivil to you ? ” “ Somewhat .
But in all fairness , I suppose I was presumptuous . ” “ Fiend seize it , girl !
What are you talking about ? ” asked Billy , frowning .
“ Your hat ! ”
Myriah sighed .
“ It seems they found the blasted thing near your blood … on Wimborne lands .
Well …
I simply threw them off the track by saying that I had dropped your hat when I was on my way to town to have a new lining and embroidery job done on it .
They wanted to see you , and your brother pretended to be willing enough , which seems to have done the trick — besides his air of superiority .
Quite impressive really … but then he was most disturbed that I had answered the door . ” “ Good Lord !
Yes , I can imagine , ” replied Billy , frowning darkly .
“ Billy ! ”
Myriah exclaimed , “ Et tu Bruté ? ” “ You do n’t understand , Myriah !
Bless you … for you did just as you ought .
Always knew you were a right ’ un , but Kit … he do n’t like the notion of you smelling out our business ! ”
Myriah took umbrage .
“ Billy Wimborne !
I have not tried to smell out your business .
I have already told your odi … your brother … that I am not interested in your business .
Though , to be sure , I have developed a certain absorption in your welfare . ” “ I know that , m ’ girl !
Lord , I trusted you with m ’ life , did n’t I ?
’ Tis Kit … he does n’t trust so easily .
I suppose it was the war … you know he only sold out a year ago , and well , never mind that now .
Do n’t fret it — he ’ll come round . ” “ Well , I do n’t care if he does or not … for I shall soon be going , ” Myriah announced haughtily .
Billy eyed her for a moment and said slowly , “ You know , Myriah …
I have been thinking that you should n’t leave for quite a spell … might end up with the knot neatly tied if you do … for your father is bound to be in a rage . ”
Myriah bit her lip and imagined what might lie in store for her if her father were to find her while he was still bent on marrying her off .
“ I know , Billy , but your brother really dislikes having me here .
So I thought I would be off on the morrow ! ” “ My brother will allow you to stay as long as I wish you to stay .
And , Myriah , I ’ m not about to allow you to be eaten alive after you have been friend enough to save me ! ” “ Billy , he will be so angry — I know . ” “ Kit ?
Funny you should think that .
It ai n’t like him to lose his temper .
Friendly sort and cool and collected — always has been .
No … he ’ll come round . ” “ Very well .
I thank you , sir , ” Myriah said still doubtful .
“ Good Lord !
What have I done — you will stay and continue , I know , to plague me ! ”
Billy bantered .
She tweaked his nose and told him to go to sleep .
He eyed her defiantly .
“ The devil I will !
Where is my lunch ? ” “ Oh , I quite forgot about food .
I shall go have Cook send it up at once , ” Myriah said , moving away .
A few moments later Myriah stood in the kitchen with Cook and watched a tray of food carried out by one of Cook ’s boys .
She turned once again to the older woman , placing a coin in her hand and smiling warmly .
“ I do feel so distressed about asking this , for I can appreciate how difficult ’ twill be when there are only your two boys , but I would so like a hot bath . ” “ Never you fret it , miss !
I ’ll have those rascally brats of mine carry up the hot water right away . ”
Cook beamed at Myriah ’s generosity .
“ And , Miss , will you be wanting a luncheon tray ? ” “ Oh , no , thank you .
I ’ m not really hungry today . ”
Myriah went into the library and began fingering some of the leather - bound volumes .
Her eyes strayed to the leaded , diamond - paned windows and saw a rider making his easy way up the front path .
Honey - colored hair , uncovered and lit by the full day ’s sun , billowed about a handsomely rugged countenance .
Myriah ’s eyes lingered and discovered once again the broad shoulders encased in a well - cut , dark brown riding jacket .
She felt a tingling sensation , and on sudden impulse she dashed out of the library and out the front doors , blue velvet swishing around her body .
She would go see Tabby , she told herself .
Of course … why should n’t she go and see her groom ?
* * * Lord Wimborne had made a visit to nearby Rye , and it had proved fruitful .
A meeting for the following night had been agreed upon .
He rode his dark roan into the stable and found Tabby brushing down Myriah ’s black stallion .
Wimborne dismounted , undid the girth to his saddle , and nodded to Fletcher , who came to retrieve the tack and take the horse to pasture .
He looked appraisingly at the black horse Tabby was grooming .
He was an excellent judge of horseflesh , and the animal that stood so regally before him was certainly prime blood and must have come at quite a price .
It seemed that Miss White was well able to afford what was most certainly a very expensive piece of livestock .
He then turned his attention to Miss White ’s groom and smiled amicably .
“ Finest piece of blood I ’ve clapped my eyes on in an age . ”
Tabby beamed .
“ That he be . ” “ Your mistress was certainly fortunate , for I have been looking for just such an animal these three months .
But , of course , I do n’t get too many opportunities to go to Tattersall ’s in London , ” his lordship said calculatingly .
Tabby was no fool , but he had no reason to be suspicious .
He did not realize he was being pumped , and he answered candidly .
“ They get the best , they do , Tattersall ’s . ”
Kit put his finger to his lips .
“ Then , she did acquire him there — your mistress ?
Miss … er … ” “ White ! ”
Myriah said from the doorway , thanking providence she had arrived in time .
Kit turned , and his habitually merry gray eyes glinted .
He had wanted to see if Myriah ’s groom was in on her game .
Tabby glanced hastily from Lord Wimborne to his lady and caught the look in her eyes .
He sent his own downwards .
When Tabby looked up again it was to meet the questioning eyes of Fletcher , who had just returned .
He pulled a rueful face and busied himself with cleaning the leathers .
“ Ah , Miss White , ” said Kit .
“ We were just speaking about your magnificent black here … and where you might have purchased him . ” “ Oh ?
It was purchased for me …
I believe at Tattersall ’s .
Silkie was a gift from my mother … five years ago . ”
His lordship saw a sadness hover around her eyes ; he wondered about it and on impulse offered an invitation .
“ Would you enjoy a tour about Wimborne Park with me ? ”
Myriah brightened at once .
“ Oh , that would be lovely .
Thank you . ”
He offered his arm and stopped as if suddenly remembering .
“ Oh , do excuse me .
I am taking you away … for apparently you came to the stables with … something in mind ? ”
He watched her face with only a mild show of interest .
She blushed , and he could not help but note it .
I was right , he thought .
The chit is hiding something .
“ I …
I had wanted to speak to my groom about a matter that can certainly wait .
It is so warm and lovely that …
I should hate the chance of missing a guided tour . ”
She cast her eyes up to his and allowed him a full look .
Fiend take her , thought Kit , she is too beautiful … and my blood will need cooling if I drink in those eyes .
He led her for a time down the main drive to the pike , turning off onto a narrow trail and pointing towards a body of sea green water .
“ That ’s Rother River , and it borders Romney Marsh . ” “ Oh , it is quite lovely here , as lovely as my own home , ” Myriah said , off guard .
“ But wait …
Romney Marsh … is that not the area notorious for harboring smugglers ? ” “ Ah , yes , it has quite a reputation . ” “ Reputation ?
It certainly does . ”
Myriah snorted .
“ And here it is adjacent to Wimborne . ” “ Would you trust my answer ? ” “ It depends — would you trust me with it ? ”
He laughed .
“ I see trust is an issue with us , but , Myriah , I have never claimed to be someone I ’ m not . ”
It was a shot in the dark , but he saw from her expression that he had hit his target .
“ OH ! ”
Myriah exclaimed .
“ I must say , I do question Billy ’s judgment .
However did he come to think that you are a friendly sort ?
For you must know that I find you nothing more than a … a … boor ! ”
Myriah turned , very much on the point of abandoning her guided tour .
* * * He laughed suddenly , and there was a beguiling quality in his voice as his hand reached out and caught Myriah ’s bare arm .
She turned her countenance upon him as a thrill taunted her flesh .
The memory of his lips flashed over her — and suddenly it was no longer a memory .
He had her in his warm embrace , his head bent and his mouth on hers , parting her lips for his velvet , waltzing tongue .
She lost herself in the moment , in the dance that was tingling her body and calling for more of the same .
His kiss evolved into another , and she felt as though she were about to collapse when he pulled back , set her on his feet , and inclined his head .
“ Forgive me . ”
She wanted to stamp her foot at him but tried to collect herself as he actually took her hand and linked it through his arm , adding , “ I took advantage , but damnation , woman , I ca n’t say I am sorry for it . ”
He eyed her curiously .
“ Now tell me , Miss White … who the hell are you ? ”
Myriah was bubbling over with confusion .
She wanted him to kiss her again .
She wanted to slap him .
She wanted him to — what ?
Declare his devotion as her other suitors had ?
However , he appeared to be in control of himself and was obviously playing some deep game .
She pulled out of his gentle hold and , without a word , left him standing there , looking after her as she made her hasty departure .
Her indignation made her unreasonable , and her fury carried her all the way to the house and to her waiting bath .
* * * Lord Wimborne ’s deep gray eyes watched Myriah ’s body as she ran off .
He felt a wave of heat rage through him .
His hard - on was damned uncomfortable in his breeches , and he knew he had to stop giving in to this mindless desire he had for her .
What was wrong with him , anyway ?
Why did it matter what her real name was ?
She had been instrumental in saving his brother ’s life , and Billy was his treasure .
There too lay another source of his discomfort .
He had no desire for his brother to develop an attachment to Myriah .
Billy had said he was n’t interested , yet Lord Wimborne found this hard to believe .
Indeed , he could not imagine how any man would not fall prey to Myriah ’s charms … and certainly Billy was no sophisticate .
In fact , Billy ’s preoccupation with the flaming chit was beginning to disturb Kit greatly .
Again he thought , she would have to go — and soon !
* * * In Billy ’s bedchamber a blazing fire crackled and gave a warm backdrop to a cozy scene .
Myriah ’s back was to Billy while her head was bent forward , her long red tresses over her face as she toweled them dry .
That she was clothed in nothing more than Master Billy ’s long , dark brocade dressing gown and that she was in a state of dishabille seemed insignificant to both parties as they bantered amicably with one another .
Forgotten were conventionalities and pompous aunts — especially her aunt Emily , who would have raised her eyes to heaven and declared Myriah quite lost to a sense of the proprieties .
Here was a friend — the brother she had never had — and Myriah so needed him now .
London had made her lonely .
Odd , for she had been surrounded by frivolous society , but her dearest friends were already married and away in the country .
Her new London friends saw her as too great a competition for the London beaux .
And the London beaux too often felt it necessary to make of her an object they believed needed coddling .
Myriah had discovered she was not formed for such a life .
She felt estranged from all her present peers and needed someone to laugh with , be at ease with … to understand and be understood .
The headiness , the intimacy of the situation with Billy Wimborne had made them fast friends .
Each was in need of companionship , and neither saw the other as anything but a friend .
All reserves had somehow dissolved .
Myriah had come into Billy ’s room earlier in search of a dressing gown to wear after her bath , as she had very little in the way of clothes with her .
She had been in a stormy mood , a state resulting from her disagreeable conversation with Lord Wimborne .
Billy had laughed at her and called her a veritable Titan , saying her face was the color of her hair and did n’t it look odd against her blue - green eyes ?
That made her giggle , and having found that his dressing gown would serve , she made for her bath a bit more in spirits .
The soothing hot water rinsed away her bad temper , for Myriah was one of those creatures who fired up quickly but rarely sustained her temper .
When she was nearly finished with her bath , she heard Billy shouting her name .
Drying herself quickly , she shrugged on his dressing gown and sped barefoot across the cold wooden floor to his room .
He grinned at her boyishly .
“ There now , m ’ girl … ai n’t I bright ?
I had the fire lit for you ! ”
She pulled a comic face .
“ Puppy !
Is that what you rushed me out of my bath for ?
I would have stayed another hour soaking if you had not sounded as though the house were coming down round your ears ! ”
He laughed , looked her over , and laughed again .
“ Lord , but you look like a damp she - devil , you do ! ”
She proceeded to take her place by the fire .
“ The very least you could have done was to have the fire lit in my room . ” “ Would have been a waste , m ’ dear !
We are thrifty here , at Wimborne , or have n’t you noticed ? ” he said with a lack of gravity in his voice that made Myriah glance at him sharply .
“ Thrifty , that ’s what we are , ” he went on .
“ And since I was feeling a bit chilled , thought I ’d — ” “ Odious boy ! ”
Myriah exclaimed from beneath her hair , blowing at it to keep it out of her mouth .
“ Trying to make me think you ’d done it all for me . ” “ Rather clever , ai n’t I ? ”
He grinned .
It was at this moment Lord Wimborne appeared in the doorway of Billy ’s room .
He scanned the cozy scene and , though the proprieties had never really governed his lifestyle , it would be factual to describe his reaction of stiff surprise as definitely bordering on prudery — a thing most odd in a fellow whose social delights had little to do with priggish manners .
Lord Wimborne observed little of the natural ingenuousness of the scene , for what he saw was a wildly alluring female , obviously naked beneath his brother ’s dressing gown !
If that was not enough to shock his soul , there was the disconcerting circumstance that he was unable to take his eyes away from the open neckline , too large to hide the tantalizing whiteness of Myriah ’s full and exquisitely perky breasts .
Added to this was the fact that the bewitching creature seemed totally unembarrassed — indeed she appeared to taunt his young and innocent brother by flaunting her wild red hair .
To further fuel his indignation , he could not help but notice that his scamp of a brother seemed fully at ease with the minx .
The thought occurred to him that perhaps Myriah was not the respectable maid she would have them believe but an adventuress … and his brother her prey !
“ Indeed — do I intrude ? ” his lordship said , gray eyes dark with his thoughts .
Billy looked surprised at his brother ’s tone .
“ Hold , Kit — what ’s towards ? ”
Kit turned angrily and for some inexplicable reason felt irritated with Billy .
“ You … ask me what is towards ?
Indeed , Billy , in the face of this delectable scene , I find it a bit much ! ” “ Eh ? ”
Billy replied , genuinely all at sea .
Myriah understood Lord Wimborne ’s meaning all too well , and the shyness she had experienced when she first heard his voice was replaced with seething indignation .
She brushed her flaming locks away from her face , and her own eyes flashed at his lordship .
“ Your disgusting insinuations do your brother little justice , my lord .
Or do you believe him as boorish as yourself ? ”
Billy ’s eyes lighted with sudden understanding , his face with openmouthed disbelief , for the notion struck him as insanely ludicrous .
All at once the room exploded with his laughter , and he made an attempt to raise a pointing finger at Myriah while he demanded of his brother , “ You … you think …
Myriah and I … ? ”
And then he burst out with roaring laughter once again .
Myriah looked at herself .
Frowning over her state of disarray , she glanced at Billy and advised with a wagging finger , “ Not funny , sir , ” with which she burst out laughing herself .
Lord Wimborne reevaluated the situation but said nothing as he started out the door , throwing over his broad shoulder , “ I asked if Cook could stay a bit later today and serve us dinner here … in your room , Billy . ” “ Excellent … and I want some meat … rare meat ! ”
Myriah shook her head as she left him and went to her own room to get dressed .
His lordship was stirring her up all the time .
She would no sooner calm down from one encounter than suddenly she ’d be sent spiraling again .
It had to stop … somehow .
* * * Dinner turned out to be a lively event in the warm and cozy confines of Billy ’s room .
Myriah found herself seated across from his lordship with the small table between them , while Billy still took a tray in his bed .
A knock sounded at the open door , and they turned to find Tabby standing there looking worried .
“ Yes , Tabby ? ”
Myriah smiled at him .
“ M ’ lord … ? ”
Tabby returned , looking at his lordship .
“ Fletcher sent me to fetch ye real quick .
There be a riding officer , a corporal at the stables , and he means to come up to the house and ’ ave a word with Master William . ” “ What ? ” shrieked Myriah .
“ I was afraid of this .
It seems he was able to think clearly once he got away from your pretty face , Miss White , ” his lordship said with a frown .
“ Very well , I ’ll handle him .
Keep him below .
I shall be down presently . ” “ My lord , Billy will have to show his face , ” Myriah stuck in .
“ If we hurry , perhaps we can manage to pass through the thing creditably . ”
An idea flashed in her head , and she rushed back to her room to fetch Billy ’s discarded dressing gown .
She returned to find both men staring at her speculatively .
“ We will put him in the brocade gown — over his nightdress … his legs , thank God , are in good working order , and with any luck , the wound will not open . ” “ My dear girl , if Billy attempts to take those stairs , there is every good chance that the wound will open up , and that is precisely what our hungry exciseman is looking for ! ” snapped his lordship .
“ But Billy will not take the stairs .
He will stand at its height and haughtily request to be told why he needs be disturbed from his bath ! ” “ Splendid ! ”
Billy declared .
“ ’ Tis just what I shall do .
Stoopid fellows — did they think they had me boxed in ? ”
Lord Wimborne ’s eyes narrowed , but he had already picked up the robe and assisted his young brother into its folds .
Billy winced with pain as his arm was both stiff and sore ; bending and shoving it into the robe was not easy .
Kit stopped and eyed him anxiously .
“ It was bad , eh , lad ? ” “ Stuff ! ” retorted Billy .
His lordship helped him to his feet and with a steadying hand left him to Myriah .
She clucked her tongue , for he was white with pain , and she looked worriedly at his arm .
They waited at the doorway listening to Lord Wimborne berating the exciseman below for coming at such an inconvenient hour .
They waited for the right moment and clearly overheard …
“ May I ask why my brother must be summoned … or do you landsmen make it a practice to deal with landowners in such a manner ? ” his lordship asked cuttingly .
The young military man blushed the color of his red coat , for although everyone knew the Wimbornes were dished , without a sou to their name , that name was still quite important in Sussex .
“ I am extremely sorry , my lord … but as the matter is of the gravest nature , because one of our men was certain that he recognized your brother as the man he shot … ” “ My cousin has already told you Mr . Wimborne ’s hat was in her possession , and therefore he could not have dropped it the other night . ” “ Yes , my lord , ” interjected the landsman , “ and I do not doubt her .
However , your brother must show himself , if only to clear his good name , for the man we pursued was hit — and badly ! ” “ I , sir ? ” said a proud young man from the top of the stairs .
“ I have no need to clear my name … ’ twas never in question !
I find your statements to my brother , his lordship , most insulting and have every intention of making a report to your superiors . ”
Kit ’s gray eyes twinkled as he watched Billy above stairs put on a show .
Myriah caught the look , and her own danced in unison .
“ Oh , Cousin Billy …
I am sure the good officer meant you no harm . ”
Myriah cast the suffering man a look of gentle understanding .
“ He was after all only doing his duty . ”
Corporal Stone shot her a grateful look and , finding that Billy was apparently all in one piece , said quietly , “ I do beg your pardon .
I shall reprimand my man , as he must have been mistaken .
It was after all … dark . ”
He sighed and turned to his lordship .
“ I am very sorry to have troubled you and shall do so no longer . ”
The double doors were closed behind him ; three pair of eyes lit with triumph , and after a careful moment the halls of Wimborne Towers reverberated with the sound of giddy laughter .
The excursion had tired Billy more than they had at first realized , and when he was at last returned to his bed , he closed his eyes , thoroughly exhausted .
Myriah and Lord Wimborne left him sleeping and retired below stairs to the library , where a fire was still dimly burning .
Lord Wimborne positioned another log on the fire , dusted his hands against one another , and turned a warm smile upon Myriah .
They had scraped through a very sticky business , and he was disposed to feel a bit friendlier towards her .
She looked stunning in her peacock blue , and in the firelight her curls glittered temptingly … urging him to touch .
Myriah eyed him , feeling strangely missish .
“ You are suddenly very quiet . ”
He smiled ruefully .
“ Was I ?
I was wondering about the man you are so against being married to .
Is he so unsuitable that you had to run ? ” “ Sir Ro …
I mean , well … never mind his name — to answer your question , he is completely suitable .
In fact , he is probably any maid ’s dream .
He is handsome , strong , amusing — ” “ A veritable god ! ” snapped his lordship .
“ It staggers the mind , my girl , why you have balked ! ” “ But , my lord …
I am not in love with him , ” answered Myriah , wide - eyed .
“ Ah , so it seems you wo n’t marry without the questionable emotion , ” Kit teased , his eyes taking on some merriment .
“ Certainly not ! ” retorted Myriah .
“ Would you ? ”
He chuckled .
“ As you see , I am still a bachelor , my girl . ” “ So you have never fallen in love ? ” “ Luckily I have escaped the plaguey emotion . ” “ But … but you must be … how old are you ? ”
Myriah asked .
“ Seven and twenty this past March , ” Kit responded , flicking her nose .
“ And you , sweetings ? ” “ I shall be one and twenty in a month ’s time . ” “ Ah — a veritable old maid ! ” “ Odious creature ! ” “ Name calling , my dear , is not nice , ” he admonished her playfully .
“ Then do not call me ‘ sweetings ’ , because my name is Myriah . ” “ Myriah … ? ” he said slowly , looking her over .
“ Your name suits you well , for if memory serves me , it means pernicious ! ” “ Oh !
Wretch !
Pernicious indeed !
Your memory does not serve you , my lord , for it means no such thing !
It is a biblical name , though I do spell it differently , and it means spirited ! ”
She sighed and moved away from him , but the sadness in her voice was not lost on him .
She looked at him then and added , “ Mama had the naming of me — she nearly died giving birth to me , for I came early .
She said I was just a slip of an infant , and my fighting for life at birth won me the name Myriah .
But Papa would have it that Myriah was what he always called Mama … and because I was her image , he claimed he had the naming of me . ” “ And from that moment on , of course , you have tried to live up to your name ? ” teased his lordship .
“ I have never had to try . ”
She sighed heavily .
“ ’ Tis no pleasant thing to have the blood of a runner and be made to walk .
I am forever being told , ‘ No , Myriah . ’ ‘ It would not do , Myriah . ’ ‘ Do n’t , Myriah . ’
Faith , you can have no notion what it is to be able to fly … and be forbidden the use of your wings ! ”
He read the pain in her face , and it brought a frown to Kit ’s dark eyebrows .
“ Your parents are no longer pleased with your spirit ? ” “ My parents ?
Oh , Papa … well , he is a man , and to be fair he is really good about most things .
He says I am Mama … all over again , and that pleases him .
But he has sisters , many sisters — and they do n’t see it quite in the same light .
He has to deal with them , and it is n’t always easy .
How could it not affect him ? ”
She sighed again and played with her fingers .
“ It was different when I had Mama .
She always understood .
She said it was like watching herself growing up .
How we laughed together … ”
Her voice trailed off as her heart rediscovered a scene long ago .
Kit felt rough fingers work at his heart .
“ When did you lose her , Myriah ? ” “ Five years ago .
I came home from school to find her with fever .
She died shortly after .
She had never before been low or ill .
Papa was in shock for such a long time … but he and I are friends .
Papa says I am Mama in every way .
But he is wrong .
She was contented , so sweetly contented … and I no longer am ! ”
Myriah had never before spoken to anyone about this .
She did not now understand why so much had flowed so freely .
She only knew that she had let down her guard before this man , who was virtually a stranger .
“ Poor Myriah , but it is not Myriah White from Dover … now is it ? ”
Kit asked , because he had an urge to hear the truth from her lips .
He had a need to trust her completely — to have the lie dispelled .
Myriah ’s guard went right back up .
Why did he harp on that single point ?
What was he after , confound him !
She could n’t tell him who she was — she did n’t want him to know she was an heiress .
It was obvious he was in need of money , and although she had begun the lie to spare her name from being bandied about in gossip , she now needed the lie for another reason .
“ I …
I do n’t know what you mean , ” she said .
All at once he was towering over her , pulling her almost roughly , certainly hungrily against his hard body .
His gray eyes smoldered above her own .
“ Do n’t you know that you have not learned the knack of it , Myriah ?
You have such speaking eyes … they give you away .
You should n’t lie — unless you can . ” “ Why … my lord , ” she said , avoiding eye contact , her blood rushing throughout her body and turning her mind into mush .
“ Just recently you declared I lied very well . ”
Suddenly she was tight in his embrace , and his kiss burned her lips intensely as his tongue parted them and dove to find a willing partner .
Myriah felt her body go limp and pliable in his arms .
She felt helpless to stop him because she did n’t want to .
What she wanted was his kisses , and she realized here were her bells and rockets and …
She wanted his tongue to go on teasing hers — to feel the velvet lapping seductively at her own .
She wanted his hands all over her body .
She ran her fingers up his rock - hard chest and held on with a passion she had never known she was capable of feeling .
She suddenly realized he had undone the lacing of her gown so it was falling to the floor — and she stepped out of its velvet folds and used the rug to work her slippers off her feet .
She knew herself a wanton creature when she started pulling at his jacket and it came away and fell to the floor .
Somehow he was out of his shirt , and oh … she thought , oh … his chest …
She noticed the etching of a tattoo and traced its unusual design with her fingers across his sensuous , hard torso .
He growled low in his throat , and the sound sent erotic shivers through her .
A voice called her name .
‘ Myriah … you are turning into a tart …
’ Yes — a tart , she thought , for an innocent maid did not give herself to anyone but her intended … but she had never wanted to be innocent .
She blocked all reason .
Rules were made by men — and this one was absurd .
What she wanted was more of his touching — like the night he had found her naked in his bed and his fingers had created magic throughout her senses .
She threw back her head as his kisses traveled over her neck , down further to the breast he was fondling .
She wondered , Is this love ?
And does he feel what I do ?
* * * He was n’t thinking .
He was n’t evaluating , and he was n’t going to .
He had lost all reason , and he did n’t want it back … a thing that had never happened to him before .
He had pleasured and been pleasured by exquisite women in his time , but … this … ?
She filled him with need , and he threw caution to the wind as he let himself surrender control .
He had always been careful , telling himself not to allow his cock to rule his head … but he could n’t stop .
He wanted her beyond imagination — and damn well meant to have her !
Her kiss tasted like strawberries and honey , and he wanted to go on kissing her forever .
Her body … he had to have her body .
Before he knew what he was doing , he had pulled her blue velvet gown until it fell to her ankles .
He sucked in a long drag of air because she had nothing — absolutely nothing — on beneath her gown .
She was ravishing … every inch of her under his fingers felt like silk .
He burned with an ache that sizzled through his veins and made his dick throb and dance with wanting .
Her breasts were full and so perfectly rounded he wanted to bury his face there .
He took her nipple between his fingers and teased her until she was arching and making delicious moaning whimpers that set him on fire .
She removed his jacket , and he hurriedly threw off his white shirt .
She touched his tattoos , and he heard the feral growl escape his lips as he bent to suckle at those beautiful rosebuds , fondling her all the while .
One hand worked the buttons of his breeches , got them undone and off .
He easily , expertly used his heel to get off his Hessian boots , and kicking them away he kissed the hollow in her neck , licked her nipples , and pulled her butt into him …
Boots gone , breeches followed , and then he held her naked , beautiful form to his solid body , pressing his throbbing manhood against her .
Something in his mind told him to stop .
Good sense told him this was trouble .
A warning clicked off that he was going too far with her …
Those thoughts were buried as his hand took hers and placed it on his huge , pulsating dick .
He whispered , “ Touch … stroke … love … stroke … oh yes , beauty … ”
And then he was lost to the lust as he picked her up cradle - like in his arms and carried her upstairs to his bedroom , where he laid her on the bed and stared for a few moments before he moved to straddle her .
She seemed mesmerized by his manhood and kept playing with its tip , driving him wild .
He took it from her and put it to her lips .
She was hesitant at first as she kissed it .
“ Hell and Fire …
Myriah … ”
He shivered as an electric bolt , fully charged , shimmed through him .
* * * His manhood was something she could n’t tear her gaze away from .
She felt this instinctual need to touch it , squeeze it , run her hand up and down its long , wide length …
She wanted him but did n’t know how to express herself .
She wanted something from him as her body built into a fever - pitch of desire , and then he had the tuft between her thighs in his hand .
He shook it until she arched up high and groaned with need .
“ Want me , Myriah … want more ? ” “ Yes … yes … want … ”
He maneuvered her so his face was between her thighs , and then he began licking her , nibbling , driving her mad .
All the while his finger worked the pink nub within until she released a cry of hunger that left her shuddering with pleasure she had never known possible .
He seemed almost ruthless as he set her in place , primal as he positioned his cock between her legs and looked for entry .
“ So tight , beauty — made for me … so fucking tight … here , love , let me … ”
His hands went around her ass .
She felt him raise her butt and bring her to him as he inched his cock inside .
She bucked against him , wanting him to enter .
“ Want it now , do you … ? ”
He breathed hard and fast as he plunged himself into her — and then suddenly stopped !
* * * Shock riveted Kit ’s body .
He had not expected this — not after she so eagerly accepted his advances .
He had thought she had experience .
What had he been thinking ?
True , the intensity of his own desires had blotted all reasonable thought ; still , how could she be a virgin when she had so hotly , so wantonly given herself to him ?
In fact , he had quite made up his mind that she was an adventuress running not from a would - be husband , but from a lover — and for some obscure and detached irrationality , this notion had a stung him into a frenzy .
He only knew he ’d wanted to make her his … and now he felt a cad .
She was what she represented herself to be , and he had taken advantage …
However , Myriah had her arms around him and yanked down on him , and he found himself plunging deeper , harder faster .
* * * Something stung at her heart and made a painful track to her throat .
He was n’t declaring love , only shock she was a virgin .
Oh no , he was apologizing for using her because he did n’t want her forever .
He was apologizing ?
Had he not realized that he would be her first — that she would think him her only ?
Had he not known who and what she was ?
Had he not realized that she gave herself freely with her heart ?
Yes , Myriah , but you dove in , did n’t you ?
What was he to think ?
Her sense of fairness jumped at her with words that stung and grabbed hold and shoved her into a blackness of despair .
She found herself totally , irrevocably , and most painfully in love .
Love promises much in a young woman ’s dreams .
And then very often throws its victims into the whirlwind of conflicting sensations from which recovery seems impossible .
Myriah lay there silently , waiting for the heavy breathing that told her he was asleep .
She took up a quilt , slipped it around herself , and quietly padded towards the door .
She wanted to look back at his beloved sleeping form , but she steeled herself and instead left the room , hurried downstairs .
She retrieved her clothing and quickly returned this time to her own room .
There she not only double - checked the lock at the door between his room and hers , but wedged a chair under the doorknob as well .
She dove for her bed , buried her face in her pillow , and suddenly released a sob .
That sob went on for some while until , true to her nature , she told herself to buck up and get over it !
Oh , Myriah , she thought miserably , now you ’ve gone and tipped yourself a settler !
You search about for a gallant with the magic to win your heart , and when you find him , he turns out to be a penniless and secretive lord who thinks you ( and with good reason ) nothing but a tart — a fancy piece who he will never court for any reason other than to aid his financial situation when he finds out who you are .
The more she dwelt on the absurdity of her dilemma , the more wretched she felt .
To confess her identity now would most assuredly deliver him to a sense of what she , Lady Myriah of the Whitney line , was due .
But that was n’t what she wanted .
She wanted his heart , and she did n’t want him to want her for her money !
A good while was spent in unhappy thoughts and self - pity ; however , Myriah was made of staunch and steady stuff , and she soon addressed herself to the problem at hand .
What she needed was a plan .
Yes , a plan of action was all she needed to bring his lordship to his heart — because some instinct told her he definitely felt something out of the ordinary for her .
Solutions come quickly to an active mind , and several presented themselves to the lady .
Much of the night was spent in laying out her strategy and sorting out any possibilities that were not employable .
At last satisfied , her heart ceased its palpitations , pleased with her mind for its cleverness , and both organs allowed the lady to put her head on her pillow and remember Kit Wimborne ’s lovemaking …
* * * Lord Wimborne by nature was a merry , pleasant , and well - liked man .
Man being the key word .
He had spent six years in service of his king and prince regent , fighting the Frogs in the Pyrenees , and it had taught him many things .
One of the very first notions that settled in his well - ordered intellect was that the fair and lovely sex should be prized and adored , but rarely trusted .
He had his share of youthful romances with their accompanying pangs and inevitable flights ; in truth , he ’d enjoyed them all .
Though he was still a bachelor and had not planned on changing his comfortable state in the foreseeable future , he had always felt he would one day take a wife .
She would be a special creature , with the honesty her sex lacked , with the beauty of love and innocence in her soul as well as in her form .
He wanted no coquette , no fluttering , fainting wench — damnation , no .
His dream bride was perfect in every way , as are most dreams .
His mother , who survived his father ’s death by many years , had been all a mother could be , and her sons had grown whole and healthy .
However , they had lost her only two years ago , while Kit was in Spain in the midst of battle and Billy was at Oxford .
Lord Wimborne , a major in his regiment , had sold out and come home to take up the management of his estates .
He found them in miserable condition , simply because there had been no one about to attend to them .
A heaviness of spirit hung about him , for there would be no picking up his regimentals and rejoining in the near future .
The Towers needed him .
And then , shortly thereafter , he found yet another activity to keep him occupied .
Billy had finished his term and joined Kit at the Towers , and it was not long before the young man had embroiled himself in his brother ’s strange activities .
The emergence of Miss Myriah White on his plain had chained the dance in Kit ’s gray eyes and kept him wary because he was losing control of his feelings for her .
He awoke to find the object of his madness no longer in his bed , where he had meant to continue to make love to her .
Then he sighed in the darkness and recalled that she had been a virgin .
He was the lowest of cads , for he had taken her without a thought to marriage .
What the devil was he to do now ?
She had left in the middle of the night for her own bed , no doubt because she realized the consequences of her actions .
Her actions ?
She was but an innocent in this , and he the experienced one … taking advantage of her youthful infatuation .
No doubt what he had seen as brazen was merely exuberance … not very different than his brother ’s liveliness .
But a bevy of subtle contradictions hung about Myriah .
He ran his hand through the honey - colored waves of his hair .
For one thing , there was her horse .
That stallion was no less than five hundred guineas !
Myriah was well provided for .
Therefore , why would a doting father — and apparently he was such , both by her description and her possession of such an animal — force her to marry a man she had no liking for ?
Surely not for financial gain ?
Her clothing , her confidence , all spoke of a sophisticated London Season , and she was a ravishing young woman who must have had her pick … ?
It just did n’t make sense — she did n’t make sense .
She certainly was overly lax regarding the proprieties , but then young women were beginning to write about the need of freedom , were n’t they ?
He had taken her into his arms … and what did she do ?
Good Lord !
For a young , inexperienced maid who had every reason to hold her host in disgust for his purposely rude behavior until and including that moment , Myriah ’s response was prodigiously friendly — how was he to know she was naught but a virgin ?
Yet , he knew that women were ‘ breaking out ’ of their shells .
Myriah ’s sauciness was all her own .
He smiled to himself as a picture of her face came to his mind .
Are you a fool ? he asked himself with asperity .
Are you falling in love with a fashionable courtesan or a misguided and spoiled maid ?
Which is it ?
The heart does strange things to its companion , the mind .
It sends it messages of need — needs the mind can not supply .
Lacking an answer , the mind retaliates on its poor friend .
The sad victim of such horrendous goings - on is offered much violence and has but one outlet : sleep .
* * * Myriah awoke early .
The sun was hiding its spring glory behind clouds of white foam , and only an unrelenting glare met Myriah ’s searching eyes .
With a sigh , she washed and dressed in the only other gown she had packed , an ivory silk with a low , scooped neckline trimmed in ivory lace .
She stood at the mirror and brushed her long red hair into shining billows that she caught at the top of her head with the brown ribbon she had found lodged from another trip in her bag .
Her red curls cascaded around her heart - shaped countenance and created a look of mischievous mystery , and she smiled , well pleased with the results .
She pulled on her boots of brown kid and hurried downstairs .
She had a plan of action to institute and did not wish to encounter his lordship .
Myriah closed the library door behind her and rushed across to the writing desk .
She took up the quill and dipped into the ink .
She then scratched out a hasty note and sealed it in a plain envelope .
A few moments later Myriah was crossing the drive and making for the stables .
It was a marvelous spring day , in spite of the fact that the sun had clothed itself in froth .
The sweet morning breeze enveloped Myriah , greeting her as one of nature ’s treasures , and she was conscious of its soothing effect .
It was past eight , and Myriah glanced back at the house worriedly .
She did not want to be seen just yet .
Tabby was walking his roan out of the stables , and Myriah put up her hand to call his attention .
He awaited her approach , wondering what new fetch his mistress had dreamed up this time .
“ Good morning , Tabby , ” she said , coming up to face him and handing him the white envelope .
He looked down at it and then at her .
“ I dessay this be for yer grandfather , ” he said , his face expressionless .
“ Yes , Tabby , for he will have had a visit from Father by now , and I do n’t want him worrying about me .
However , you will not give it to him in person , for you know as well as I that you would then be forced to give him my whereabouts — and I do n’t want to be found just yet ! ” “ Now , Lady Myriah , ’ tis time ye went home and faced the — ” “ Tabby , you will hand this note to the gatekeeper and have him take it to Grandpapa , and then you will return straight back here , ” she said firmly .
“ Yes , m ’ lady . ” “ Oh , Tabby , do n’t pull a face .
It will all turn out just fine … you ’ll see .
Now … have you eaten ? ” “ Yes , m ’ lady .
I served yer mother , I did , and will go on serving ye till I do n’t have breath … but this … this time … ”
She touched his arm .
“ I know , Tabby … but this letter will make some of all of this right .
At least they sha n’t worry . ”
She sighed heavily .
“ You had better leave at once if you are to be back by lunch , ” she said sweetly and hurried away .
Kit watched from the wide window as Myriah returned hastily to his house , and his gray eyes were not smiling .
She had complicated his life beyond measure … she was a mystery he needed to solve .
He had seen her put an envelope into her servant ’s hand .
He had watched them exchanging words … and he saw Tabson ride off on his roan .
What was the chit up to ?
What had she given her groom … and where was he going ?
It suddenly dawned on him that Miss Myriah White , innocent miss or seductive courtesan , might have a purpose all her own for being at Wimborne Towers .
Was her presence here because of his activities in Romney Marsh ?
Was Myriah White an informer ?
* * * Myriah followed the young serving boy upstairs and opened the door to Billy ’s room , allowing the lad to enter .
After placing the heavily laden tray on the stained wood table beside Billy ’s bed , the boy scurried off .
Myriah pulled open the drapes , and light flooded the room , causing Billy to shield his eyes with his good hand .
He focused , found Myriah standing there , and groaned .
“ Oh God !
She is back . ” “ Good morning , Mr . Wimborne .
Never say you do not want your breakfast , ” Myriah said , lifting a silver cover off a plate filled with eggs and ham .
“ Leave it and be gone , she - devil !
Faith , why must you blast at me early in the morning !
Let there be light , sayeth Myriah , and there is light .
Let there be food , continueth the she - devil , and there is food . ” “ Let there be silence — or thou shalt feel the rod ! ” she offered in return , giggling .
They laughed in unison , and Myriah brought him the basin of wash water , placed it on the bed , dipped her fingers in it , and sprayed him with a flick of same .
“ Let there be cleanliness … and quick , before your food gets cold . ”
He laughed good - naturedly and washed , but she saw him wince as he moved , so Myriah examined his bandaged arm .
The circle of brownish , dried blood looked as though it had crept into new areas , and Myriah bent over it , touching it gently .
“ Billy , I think you must have bled a bit more last night , ” she said , a frown in her eyes .
“ No doubt , with all the prodding and pulling you and m ’ brother had at me , ” he agreed , grinning at her .
“ Stop dazzling me with your teeth !
Seriously , Billy , you had better stay in bed today … and try not to move about too much . ” “ What I need is my shirtsleeve sewn back on ! ” retorted Mr . Wimborne “ Ai n’t proper for you to be continually gazing on my bare arm .
Might give you evil notions . ”
He grinned at this and looked up to find his brother ’s twinkling eyes upon him .
“ The sort Kit here has , ” Billy added at that juncture and lookrf surprised to see the extent of Kit ’s sudden discomfiture .
“ Careful , brat , ” warned his brother .
Billy chuckled and watched with interest as both Myriah and Kit went to an extraordinary amount of trouble to display to one another their total lack of interest in each other .
“ I trust you slept well , Miss White , ” said his lordship idly as he took up a cup of coffee and sat at the foot of the bed at a distance from her .
“ As well as could be expected . ”
She was n’t letting him off the hook .
His behavior was expected , but it hurt all the same .
There was no affection in his eyes … which she could not help but note avoided meeting her own .
“ It appears your groom has errands elsewhere this morning , ” Lord Wimborne said blandly , his eyes intent on her face , though her words served to pinch at something beating far too rapidly in his chest .
“ Does it appear so ?
How … observant of you . ”
She smiled sweetly .
“ I am accounted observant , thank you , Miss White , ” returned his lordship .
“ Oh , pray do not thank me .
It was not meant as a compliment , ” responded the lady , her tone as honey sweet as her smile .
“ Ho ! ”
Billy cried , much amused .
“ Do n’t bandy words with my she - devil , Kit …
I ’ m telling you , you do n’t stand a chance . ” “ Apparently not , brat .
Your she - devil is quite full of words . ” “ Touché ! ” declared Billy , impressed .
“ Well done , m ’ brother . ” “ I am surprised you doubted me , lad , ” his brother said glibly .
Myriah took a huge bite of Billy ’s strawberry tart , concealing the fact another tart lay hidden beneath its silver cover .
“ Hold there , Titan ! ” shouted Billy , noting the pilferage .
“ It would serve you right , odious boy that you are , if I ate the entire thing !
And so I shall , ” Myriah threatened .
“ You do and you ’ll become a plump little partridge , wench ! ”
Billy reached out for the tart with his free hand , getting it slopped on his palm in the process .
He proceeded to busy himself with licking his fingers and regaling both Myriah and his brother on the foibles of females .
Myriah presented him with the remaining tart and sat back in her chair to enjoy herself .
Lord Wimborne , having observed the raucous scene , was hard put to keep from declaring the girl a magnificent woman worthy of his heart .
She was regal in spite of their erotic encounter … scarcely displaying that she recalled the event !
He could see she was fond of his Billy and that their play was innocent .
Still , she was a creature of contradictions , and now there was the matter of her groom rushing off with a message for someone .
Kit left them abruptly , saying there were matters that needed his attention , and Myriah and Billy looked at each other for a long , silent moment .
Then Billy smirked at her and said , “ Had a turn - up with m ’ brother , eh ? ’ “ Hush , slug - a - bed , and eat , ” Myriah replied .
“ Slug - a - bed ! ” the affronted Billy exclaimed .
“ Devil you say — ’ tis you that has made me so ! ”


~ Five ~


MYRIAH ’S GRANDFATHER AND father eyed one another and sighed heavily .
Everything that could be done , had been done .
Everything that could be said , had been said .
They were at a loss .
She had left with her groom and had not contacted either of them .
A serving boy carrying a luncheon tray entered and began setting the covered plates on a stained wood table situated in the curve of a bay window overlooking the lawns of Myriah ’s maternal grandfather ’s home , Guildford House .
“ Lawrence , ” Lord Whitney said gently , “ come , let us eat together . ”
He had respected and loved his father - in - law for too many years to allow a few bitter words to fester between them .
Lord Guildford ran a hand through his white and yellow locks and sighed heavily .
He said nothing , but his expression told his son - in - law he felt much the same .
They sat down facing one another and began picking at their food .
“ Do n’t understand Myriah all the time , ” her father said sadly .
“ Sometimes I think I ’ve got her way of thinking , and then she is off surprising me .
Never really thought that she held Sir Roland in aversion , you see .
Lord … how could I ?
She was in his arms … kissing the fellow … as though she had her heart in it . ” “ Why would n’t she marry him if she had her heart in it , Whitney ? ” grumbled Lord Guildford .
“ Never knew her not to know her own mind . ” “ That ’s the thing that has me baffled .
Thought at the moment she was just being perverse because I forced her hand .
But she balked — ran away .
I was so certain she was on her way here , to you , that I did n’t bother chasing after her until the next day . ”
He shook his head sadly .
“ Thought we got along , you see .
Always believed she could come to me … and if not to me then certainly to you . ” “ Well , if that do n’t beat all ! ” her grandfather said , losing his temper again .
“ How the devil could she come to you ?
You told me yourself you were in a rage and determined to make the announcement right there and then . ”
He wagged a finger .
“ She knew once the announcement was made she was finished . ” “ Now , now , Lawrence .
After all , she did kiss Roland . ” “ Confound it , man , she ca n’t be expected to make proper comparisons if she do n’t kiss a fellow now and then ! ”
Lord Guildford shouted , defending his granddaughter .
The younger man opened his eyes wide but refrained from pointing out to his father - in - law that as a grandfather he seemed to hold opinions far different from those he ’d had as a father .
“ Well … the point is … why , then , did n’t she come here to you ?
Always did whenever she was in a pucker . ” “ It ’s clear to me … ai n’t it clear to you ? ” grumbled Lord Guildford .
“ No , it ai n’t !
Very little of what Myriah does these days is clear to me . ” “ Well , she did n’t want this confounded scalawag , Roland , to come after her .
Ca n’t say as I blame her , for he should not have allowed you to bully her into such a position .
But that do n’t signify .
Since Myriah can take care of herself , she do n’t need defending by the likes of him . ” “ Lawrence … ” “ Hold !
I ’ m coming to the thing .
Now , there she is , on her way to me with Tabby right with her , just as he always was with her mother , and , ‘ Whoops ! ’ she thinks .
‘ If I go to my grandfather , Papa will follow , and there ’ll be a row over me .
Ca n’t have that , ’ says Myriah to herself .
She changes her plan … goes somewhere else ! ” his lordship said , solving the problem in his own mind .
“ Thank God Tabby is with her , for he ’ll see no harm comes to her .
But even if what you say is true , and she decided to descend upon someone else , where is that , I want to know . ”
Lord Guildford threw down his fork , put his hands into each other , and leaned heavily upon his elbows .
His mind sought other times … happier times .
He had survived the death of a wife he had adored , only to be struck a few years later with the death of his only child , Myriah ’s mother .
His losses had made him a recluse , for he preferred to remain at Guildford House where he could be comfortable , away from society .
Only one person had been able to coax him out of his quiet , protective shell , forcing him to go riding … forcing him to Brighton … even to London : Myriah .
She was the image of her mother and her grandmother before her .
She was his sole interest , his joy , his only grandchild .
How often he had smiled with pleasure to see her riding up his drive — his heart full with the knowledge that she adored him .
How she would tease him .
“ Do let us go out , Grandpapa — best of my beaux .
Come , Grandpapa , the London bucks are naught to you … come with me to London . ”
As he remembered her last visit , a guilty pang swept over him .
He had noticed she was listless , had seen the sadness in her eyes , and had somehow felt unable to help her quiet desperation .
She always confided everything to him … and he could not remember her mentioning anyone with whom she had grown close in the last two years .
Indeed , had n’t she said that she had lost all her best friends to marriage ?
“ There is no one to whom she could have gone .
I know of absolutely no one , ” Myriah ’s grandfather said .
“ There must be someone , and at least Tabby is with her , ” Myriah ’s papa supplied hopefully .
Both men knew that Tabson was devoted to Myriah .
The groom had arrived here at Guildford House when he was no older than fifteen , in rags and starving , looking for work .
Lord Guildford ’s daughter had taken him straight to the kitchen , had him fed , bathed , clothed and taken over to her father ’s head groom for training .
He ’d worshipped his new mistress and had been one of the servants who had accompanied her to her new home when she ’d married Lord Whitney .
His devotion to her had carried over to Myriah .
“ Aye , ” Lord Guildford agreed .
“ He wo n’t let harm come to her if he can help it . ”


~ Six ~


A HEAVY KNOCKING SOUNDED , and Myriah ’s ears picked up as she hurried from her bedroom .
Going to the ornate wooden railing overlooking the central hall , she saw Lord Wimborne had already reached the front door .
What — had he been waiting there ?
Why ?
He opened the door wide , and she saw him as he raised a brow inquiringly .
“ Yes , Tabson ? ”
Tabby fidgeted with his woolen hat and looked uncomfortable .
“ ’ Tis Mistress …
I be needing a word with her if ye please , m ’ lord . ” “ Of course , Tabson , ” Lord Wimborne said .
“ I will go and — ” “ No need , ” Myriah said from the top of the stairs .
“ Tabby , I am coming right down . ”
Myriah skipped lightly and easily down the stairs , her skirt in hand .
She dismissed his lordship with a look , but he had the poor manners to ignore her meaning and remained standing interestedly at her side .
Myriah pulled a haughty face and turned to Tabby , who was still trying to catch his breath .
“ Let us take a private walk outdoors , Tabby . ”
They walked towards the rear of the house , making a very wide circle around the overgrown bushes that lined the buildings ’ stone walls .
“ Whatever has you frenzied , Tabby ? ” “ I took the note , like you asked — like you wanted me to — though it be just like I told ye it would .
Yer papa and grandpa had a set - to over it , as I hid out in the gatekeeper ’s cottage as me and Lawson go back a long time and he understood the need .
When he got back , he told me your father and grandfather were more than a little upset , missy . ” “ Oh , dear , ” Myriah murmured .
She had hoped the note would help to calm them both down .
“ But that not be what ’ as me worked up , m ’ lady !
’ Tis that man … the one you be so set on jilting . ” “ I am not jilting him , Tabby ! ”
Myriah objected .
“ How could I be when I have not accepted him ? ” “ As to that I ai n’t one to know … not being in the petticoat line meself … but the cull tried following me , he did ! ”
Tabby said portentously .
“ What — are you saying he saw you ? ”
Myriah shrieked .
“ Never you fret none , m ’ lady .
I twigged the covey ’s rig , I did ! ” said Tabby , dropping into street vernacular .
“ Saw him , but did n’t let on , and lost him in Rye ! ”
The glow in Tabby ’s leathery cheeks told her how proud he was of himself .
Myriah gave the elderly man a hug , causing even more color to rise to his cheeks .
“ Oh , you are a dear !
Thank you , Tabby .
I shall have to be very careful to stay out of sight , for it seems Sir Roland is a determined man ! ”
Myriah was worried , but she did n’t wish to display this to her groom .
Sir Roland had somehow tracked her , if not to Wimborne , to the vicinity .
She smiled reassuringly and said , “ Now , sir , go and have something to eat , and then I want you to rest for the remainder of the afternoon .
Oh and , Tabby , you may not be in the petticoat line , but Cook tells me she has fixed up something special just for you .
Hmmm … ” she teased .
“ I had n’t realized you and Cook had become so … er … friendly . ”
Tabby ’s eyes dropped , and it appeared he ’d discovered the grass beneath his feet looked particularly green , so green , in fact , he was unable to take his gaze from its rich color !
Myriah giggled and gave her retainer a push towards the back door before she turned and made her way to the front entrance , wondering if she was going to have to face Kit .
She found the door locked , and her bright eyes narrowed .
Now what was he up to ?
She was obliged to give the knocker a heavy clang and await an answer .
Once again Lord Wimborne opened the door , but no smile lit his gray eyes as he bowed her in .
She picked up her skirts , her chin well up as she tried to pass him .
* * * He reached out and took hold of her arm .
“ Miss White … ” “ Release my arm , my lord , ” Myriah demanded harshly .
“ That is not what you told me last night … ”
He could n’t help himself — the words were out before he realized .
That was not where he wanted to go .
She sizzled with indignation , and he found himself enchanted .
He could n’t tear away his gaze from her as she stomped her foot and advised him .
“ You , sir , are a cad … to throw that at me .
Last night was evidently a mistake — as much for me as it obviously was for you .
Men are not the only ones who suffer natural feelings of … ”
She bit her lip , and her next words felt like a slap . “ … normal , healthy desire !
You were there and capable … that is all . ”
He felt ice rush through his veins and then melt by the volcanic lava that followed .
He felt his mind burn away all logic and purpose .
He was there … just there ?
He took her shoulders and shook her .
“ You know it was more than that ! ” “ Do I ?
How would I know such a thing ? ” “ Enough ! ” he shouted as he set her away .
“ I was there … you were there … it was nothing more .
I expect nothing … ”


* * * Myriah ’s intentions just broke into a zillion pieces .
All her well - laid plans to bewitch him got lost somewhere in the black recesses of her dying hopes .
His disrespect , his mistrust , and even his disgust were too apparent to be ignored , and this angered her beyond belief .
She was in a rage , furious and bitter , and she wanted to lash out even more than she wanted to win him over .
He stepped away as though she were the devil incarnate , and his voice was cold .
“ Very well … we understand one another .
I wonder at your persistence in wishing to remain under my roof , Miss White ! ” “ Do you ?
And I wonder how such a man as William Wimborne can be brother to someone like … you ! ”
He laughed without mirth .
“ You are out there , sweetings , if that is who you really want .
He do n’t find your beauty … to his particular taste ! ”
Myriah ’s eyes snapped .
“ Do you think not , my lord ?
And I think that if I wanted him , make no mistake … he would be mine !
As it happens , I do n’t wish to be a part of your family ! ” “ Tart ! ” growled his lordship , enraged beyond reason .
“ How dare you speak so to me ?
Who the devil do you think you are ? ”
The word tart slapped her like ice water in the face .
Myriah fought the tears starting in her eyes .
She fought the urge to advise him just who she really was .
She controlled her trembling hands , but her eyes reproached .
However , she chose that moment to tell him , “ I could tell you how contemptible your behavior is , but I shall not .
You are not worth the effort .
However , you have referred to me with a term normally reserved for women more deserving it .
I did no more than yourself , and were I a man …
I would meet you for the insult ! ”
She hesitated and then added , “ Did you know that in spite of your boorish manners , your cavalier treatment , your inhospitality … somehow I found something in you to like … ”
And on a sudden sob Myriah rushed past him and up the stairs as she headed for her room .


* * * Kit Wimborne watched her go and felt as though he were being eaten alive by parasitic insects .
He was everything she said he was — a cad , a boor , inhospitable .
For the first time in his life , he was not behaving rationally , and he felt himself the lowest of fiends .
She was right ; he had made love to her with wild abandonment … and she had received him wantonly but oh so sweetly .
His anger had been fueled by her remarks , by her coldness , and by her off - handed behavior , but he had to admit to himself she had behaved only as rudely as he had .
His heart berated his mind , and his mind tried to make excuses — but those excuses did n’t feel right .
He left the house and started for the stables — a ride was what he needed to clear his head .


~ Seven ~


SIR ROLAND HAD AGREED with Lord Whitney that under the circumstances no announcement of his engagement to Myriah could be made at the ball , since she was not to be found .
In deep thought he had returned to his own lodgings , determined to make the marriage come about and wondering where the deuce she had loped off to .
He had been ecstatic when he had been caught kissing Myriah and her father declared them engaged .
It was what he needed to stave off the collectors .
Her father had set out the next morning for Guildford , answering his inquiry with only a short missive saying he was certain she had gone to her grandfather .
However , a recent inquiry he had discreetly made elicited the information that Myriah was not at Guildford .
This was more than troubling , and he made up his mind to visit Lord Whitney at Guildford to discover where the wayward Myriah had gone .
He sneered and said softly to himself , “ You will have a shorter leash when you are mine , Myriah . ”
As Sir Roland approached the Guildford grounds , he saw someone deep in conversation with the gatekeeper .
There was an envelope in his hands .
Roland ’s sharp eyes flickered , for he recognized Myriah ’s groom , and a sixth sense urged him to halt his horse and watch from an obscure position , unseen by the groom .
Moments after Tabson had turned his horse around , Sir Roland inquired after Lady Myriah and was told by the gatekeeper that she had not yet arrived .
It did n’t take him long to hurry after Tabson .
He kept the curves of the road between him and his quarry , certain the groom would lead him to Myriah .
However , it appeared Tabson ’s horse grew edgy having someone at its back , for suddenly Tabby took to the woods , making it impossible for Roland to follow .
“ Rye — why on earth would you go to Rye ? ”
Sir Roland asked the fingerpost at the fork in the road , wondering what lay down the other road .


* * * Myriah sobbed into the bedcovers and stopped on a sniff as she heard the front doors crash .
This served to renew her anguish , and it would have lasted a considerable time had not Billy laid a hand upon her shoulder .
She jumped , startled by the touch , by the fact that he was in her room , and ashamed to be caught in such a state .
She stared at him a moment as he stood over her , looking so grave and unhappy in his brocade robe , his arm still in the sling she had fashioned for him earlier .
His hair was a mass of gold waves and in much disarray around his adorable face .
“ Myriah … ” “ Oh , Billy … ”
She wiped the tears away with her hand , searching for her handkerchief , which he found in his pocket and gave to her .
“ You … you should not be up . ” “ Never mind me , Myriah .
Look , you and Kit had a row — I know because although I could n’t hear all of it , I heard enough .
He … well … he should n’t have said what he did , Myriah !
I do n’t know what has gotten into him … or why he would call you … a … what he called you . ”
Billy shook his head .
“ But … he did n’t mean it . ” “ He meant it , and it does n’t matter . ”
Myriah sniffed , feeling the pout form on her lips and biting them to stop it .
Billy sat beside her on the bed .
“ You do n’t understand — it has to be all the havey - cavey business he has to deal with . ”
He sighed heavily .
“ He has all this … business to deal with at Wimborne and — ” “ I am not dim - witted .
I know you did n’t get a bullet playing with dolls , Billy .
Everyone knows the Romney Marsh area is buzzing with smugglers .
I expect you were out on a lark . ” “ ’ Twas no lark .
Look , maybe I ’ m wrong to trust you like this , but I must n’t let you go on thinking of m ’ brother as you do .
He has reason to worry over what may seem naught to you . ” “ Billy — do n’t make excuses for — ” “ No . ”
He cut her off .
“ Not excuses .
He just ca n’t take any chances .
Too many people depend on his meeting with success .
You pose a threat because you are an unknown … and he do n’t quite swallow your story .
Do n’t know why … but there it is . ”
He smiled as he paused and then sighed .
“ Kit is really suspicious of you .
Odd , but there it is .
He had no cause to call you … ”
He coughed into his fist .
“ But , Myriah … you must have said something devilishly biting for him to have uttered such a thing .
Never mind all that now .
He ’ll come round … see if he do n’t . ”
However , Myriah noted that Billy ’s breath was coming out in short , hard gasps .
She frowned at him .
His color had gone from pink to white , and beads of perspiration shimmered under the gold fringe of hair covering his forehead .
She put her hand out and touched his cheek .
Kit Wimborne was for the moment forgotten in her concern for Billy .
“ Forget it , pup .
As you say , we will make it up .
What does matter is that your head feels frightfully hot . ”
And then a glance at his arm drew an involuntary cry .
“ Oh , Billy … you have bled again .
Come on , we must get you back to your bed . ”
She led him protesting to his room , saw him settled against his pillows , but had a very difficult time getting him to lie down and sleep .
She wagged a finger at him as she hurried off to the kitchen , saying she would return with broth .
“ Oh God ! ” exclaimed the patient to her retreating form .
“ Why must you ply me with every disgusting liquid known to man ? ”
True to her word , she brought and plied him with the wholesome brew before bidding him sleep .
He did in fact , lay back contentedly and close his eyes , saying as she left his room , “ She - devil … ”
Myriah went to her room and made her way to her balcony .
She stood leaning into the iron railing .
She wanted to mount her horse , Silkie , and ride , but Sir Roland was lurking about somewhere — Tabson had thought he was in Rye .
She could n’t take any chances .
Where was she in her life ?
In love with a penniless aristocrat who was no doubt a smuggler !
And if that was n’t enough — he did n’t love her back .
And what was worse , Christopher Wimborne thought her a tart !
And she was , for him , no more than a tart — and wanting to be again …
Romney Marsh conjured up all sorts of pictures in her mind .
It was where French brandy and silks were smuggled into the country free of duty charges .
No doubt , Kit saw himself as a Robin Hood , helping the locals earn a living .
Ha !
Smuggling had for centuries flourished in both Kent and Sussex , but now with the Napoleonic War , new efforts had been instituted to deter and eliminate the wide - scale smuggling along the English coast .
No easy task , for an official coastguard had not yet been set up , and villagers were closed - mouthed when the excisemen came to call .
Land smugglers were allowed to pass with their cargo , taking their wares to taverns where not only their goods were housed but also many of the ‘ gentlemen ’ , as the smugglers were called .
Farmers allowed them passage and in return received a length of silk for their ladies and a bottle of brandy for themselves .
However , with the war in progress , the aristocracy no longer winked at the activity since the French were the enemy of the Crown and these goods were being bought from the French with English guineas .
Napoleon , on the other hand , was hungry for British gold and looked the other way when an English smuggler came across the Channel , and so the smugglers or as they had become to be known , the ‘ gentlemen ’ continued their dangerous activities .
Myriah thought about all this and worried out loud , “ Oh , faith … whatever will happen ? ”


* * * The sun was on its way down when Myriah awoke in her chair from a short doze .
Her lids fluttered open over her eyes , and she stood and stretched .
Time to look in on Billy !
She crossed the hall and eyed him from the doorway as she went in . Something was wrong …
“ Billy ? ”
He did n’t answer .
She went to him and saw that he was in a fitful sleep and that his face was moist with perspiration .
“ Good God … what has happened ?
Oh no ! ”
Myriah cried , much upset .
She rushed about the room , tipped some water into a washbasin , mixed rosewater with it , and brought it to the bed , where she began wiping down his face and chest , clucking all the while .
Billy opened his eyes and made a feeble attempt to smile .
“ Ah , the she - devil is back … ” “ Yes , and though I am leaving for just a moment , I will be back presently with yet another horrid thing for you to drink . ”
He pulled a face but did n’t answer , and that worried Myriah even more as she hurried to the kitchen and prepared a tisane .
Another few moments and she had it to his lips .
“ Come on pup , drink this … ” “ Perhaps he should just rest , ” suggested a deep , authoritative voice from the doorway .
Myriah turned and grimaced .
“ Do n’t worry , my lord — ’ tis not poison . ”
He moved in on her and gave her a dark look as he touched her arm .
“ Do n’t be a fool .
That is not what I meant . ”
She ignored him and smiled at Billy to coax , “ Do you think you can manage this , Billy ? ” “ Aye … give me the dratted witches ’ brew . ”
She turned to Kit .
“ Really , my lord , I am not a doctor , and he needs one — now . ” “ No doctor ! ”
Billy shouted hoarsely as he tried to sit up .
“ No , Billy !
Relax , do …
I wo n’t fetch him if you do not like , but I so wish you would accept to have one now , right now , ” she soothed .
She turned to Kit , wondering why he did n’t take a hand in this decision , and found him deep in thought .
All at once he spoke to his young brother .
“ I am leaving you in Miss White ’s care , and if she needs to bring in the doctor … so she shall — do you hear me , William ? ” “ I hear you , ” Billy said on a low voice .
Kit turned to Myriah .
“ Would you allow me a word … ? ”
She nodded and followed him into the hallway , where he reached for and held her hand .
She did n’t want to , but she pulled her fingers from his and looked squarely into his gray eyes .
His hands dropped to his side .
* * * This was not how he wanted to begin , with her pulling away from him .
Damnation !
Her blue - green eyes drove him to distraction .
Such ‘ speaking ’ eyes … one fancied himself hearing her thoughts … and yet … there was a lie hanging about her he could not penetrate .
“ Miss White … ” he started lamely .
“ Miss White , is it ?
Not … ah … what did you call me … ? ” “ I am a heathen fool … forgive me .
I have no excuse for my poor behavior and do n’t know how to make it right , other than offer my deepest , most heartfelt apology . ”
Well done , she thought to herself , but to him she said , “ You called me a tart because you hold one standard for a man and another for a woman .
I take exception to that . ” “ It is not I that holds the standard , but society … ”
He wanted to kick himself .
What was wrong with him ?
He was again making a mess of it .
“ Ah , of course … and so it is not you who calls me a tart , but society ? ” “ Damnation , Myriah ! ” he snapped .
The word tart hurt his ears .
How could he have called her that , feeling as he did about her ?
“ What would you have from me ? ” “ Nothing , my lord — I want nothing I must ask for , ” retorted the lady hotly .
She gave him her back and started towards her bedroom .
Kit wanted to grab her and take her into his arms .
He should n’t feel what he felt — he should n’t want her as madly as he did — but the fact was if he were n’t required elsewhere , he would not have let her move off .
He did call after her , “ Very well , madam .
If you will excuse me , I have business in town and shall not be home for dinner . ”
He turned and walked towards the stairs .
Myriah turned on him .
“ Just a moment , my lord ! ” she called indignantly .
“ Your brother lies here ill with fever … and you are going out ? ”
Kit ’s eyes troubled over , “ It can not be helped , madam , and I know Billy is in good hands — the best in fact .
If I know nothing else about you , that much I do know . ” “ He needs a doctor .
Shall I send Fletcher ? ” “ Fletcher will be with me .
However , do send for a doctor if his fever does n’t break within the hour .
I know your groom will be discreet , and I will see that he is well paid . ”
She stomped her foot at him , and he had to restrain the smile that crept to his face as he turned and left her standing there .


* * * An hour later , Myriah leaned towards Billy , her face puckered with concern .
How could Kit have left at such a time ?
She set aside her plate of unfinished dinner and touched Billy ’s forehead .
He was still hot — too hot .
She had already sent Tabson to Hastings to fetch the doctor , as this had gone on too long .
He needed medicine she did n’t have , basilicum for one .
She got up , prepared a basin of water , added the rosewater to it , and dipped the cloth in it .
She then placed it on Billy ’s forehead for a few moments before lifting it off .
He moved fretfully in his sleep and knocked his arm about .
It was beginning to bleed again , and Myriah wanted to collapse in a heap and cry .
Time played with her pitilessly as the minutes dragged by and Tabby had n’t returned yet with the doctor .
She realized that in their short time together , she already adored Billy as a brother , and the thought she could lose him to infection set her to wringing her hands .
“ Never say the she - devil do n’t feel quite the thing … ”
Billy said weakly .
She felt her neck snap she looked around so quickly , and she jumped over and nearly hugged him to death in her relief to see him out of his delirium .
“ Billy , you odious creature … ” “ Aye , but all this … not precisely m ’ fault . ” “ Yes , it is .
If you had n’t been shot in the first place — ” she started .
He cut her off , saying , “ It was worth it just to make the acquaintance of a she - devil . ”
He smiled .
She touched his cheek .
“ Silly pup ! ”
She sighed and added , “ I have sent Tabby to Hastings to fetch a doctor . ” “ Hastings ?
Not far enough — we are too well known . ” “ Yes , but Tabby is not . ” “ Point to you . ” “ Yes … once the doctor is here , we will make certain he is honor - bound not to prattle about you or your wound . ”
A heavy thumping at the front door startled them both , and Myriah eyed him questioningly .
He shrugged , and she offered , “ Well , I ’ll just go play butler and send the scalawag off .
Calling at such an hour ! ”
Billy beamed but then frowned .
“ Do n’t like this , Myriah … best stay here with me and we ’ll ignore it . ” “ No … does n’t sound like they mean to be ignored . ”
Myriah sighed , picked up a glass - encased candle , and made her way below stairs .
She set the candle down on a nearby table and pulled open one of the double doors , afraid it might be Sir Roland on the other side .
Facing her was a wiry man clothed in dark superfine and an old - fashioned , low three - cornered hat .
“ Yes , sir , may I help you ? ”
Myriah inquired cautiously .
“ No , ma ’ am , my business is with Lord Wimborne , ” said the gentleman .
She frowned , for the man spoke with a note of authority , and his voice held a hint of London in its inflection .
“ I am sorry … he is not here at the moment . ” “ And who might you be ? ” “ I am a relative … his cousin , ” Myriah offered hesitantly .
“ Right then , miss , tell him if you will that Mr . Dibbs needs to see him … as soon as possible . ”
And then as an afterthought , he asked , “ Would young Mr . Wimborne be at home ? ”
Myriah eyed him with misgiving .
What the deuce was all of this ?
“ He is … but he is unwell and resting in bed . ” “ Would you be so kind as to advise him that I need a word with him ?
Perhaps …
I could come up ? ”
Myriah , unsure went to Billy and told him that a Mr . Dibbs wanted a word with him .
Billy ’s face brightened , and he said , “ Myriah , please … send the fellow up . ”
She did so and hovered in the background as Mr . Dibbs entered Billy ’s room and made his greetings .
“ Confound it , young William … sorry I am to see you laid so ! ” the small man offered with a shake of his head , “ but ai n’t the time to mull over it now .
Need to see his lordship … must … get back . ”
He jerked his head in the direction of Myriah .
“ Could we be having a bit of privacy ? ” “ Never mind , what you can say to me can be heard by Myriah , ” said Billy , staunchly loyal and making Myriah feel a queen .
“ Eh ?
Very well .
You know … it is very important I speak with your brother before I head back .
Where is he , do you know ? ” “ He has a meeting at the Mermaid tonight .
You can find him there , ” Billy said , frowning .
“ No , I ca n’t !
Do n’t want to be seen in public with him — would n’t do ! ”
Myriah ’s delicate brows went up .
What sort of individual was he that he must n’t be seen with Kit in public ?
This was more than interesting , and she studied the man carefully .
“ Must send someone for him , ” Dibbs said .
“ Ca n’t — there is no one here , and I am afraid she - devil here wo n’t let me budge out of bed .
Nothing for it , Dibbs .
You ’d best risk it and go there . ” “ Just a moment !
I can fetch Lord Wimborne home if you like , ” Myriah offered .
“ No , you ca n’t , stoopid ! ”
Billy replied disdainfully .
“ You are a woman ! ”
Mr . Dibbs stuck in , obviously shocked .
“ Ca n’t go into the Mermaid at this time of night — would n’t do and would n’t be safe . ” “ As to not being safe Kit will be there , so it could n’t be safer , ” Myriah suggested .
“ No , Miss .
Besides , ’ twould draw too much attention to his lordship … do n’t want to create a stir , ” Dibbs said .
“ But it would be all right for a lad to go and fetch him … so I will just have to turn into a male , ” Myriah said , crossing the room to Billy ’s wardrobe closet .
“ Ha !
Listen to her … she - devil that she is … change into a man … ha , ” twittered Billy , falling limply against the pillows .
“ Hush , Billy , or you shall start bleeding all over again !
Just wait ! ”
With that she disappeared into the dressing room armed with an assortment of Billy ’s clothing .
When she reappeared some ten minutes later , she was wearing a brown riding jacket that hung loosely about her shoulders , a linen shirt , brown baggy breeches , and her own knee - high riding boots .
She dove once again into his closet and produced an old brown hat of sorts and stuffed her hair into its crown before turning to face them .
Billy ’s roar of laughter ended in a fit of coughing , bringing down Myriah ’s rebukes upon his head .
However , Mr . Dibbs rubbed his chin thoughtfully .
“ Tell you what , Miss — sling a greatcoat over your shoulders and hide the fit of the jacket , and you just might do . ”
He rubbed his chin .
“ That is , if no one looks too closely … ”


~ Eight ~


MYRIAH DID N’T WASTE any more time .
She bade them farewell , passed Tabby and the doctor at the front door , saying as she clasped the doctor ’s gloved hands , “ Thank you , I think the fever has passed … thank you for coming , ” and leaving him to wonder who the strange boy was .
Tabby stood with his mouth agape , as he had no choice but to lead the doctor indoors and so could not follow her .
She headed for the stables , slipped on her tack , led her stallion outdoors , and nimbly mounted him .
“ Come on then , Silkie …
I have missed being on your back . ”
He nodded his head as though in agreement and made a short whinny noise advising her he was pleased to have her there , and off they went at a slow trot .
Clouds made an eerie frame about the moon , and their jagged lengths formed a dimming mist , allowing only a hazy glow to soften the blackness of the night .
Myriah had only sketchy directions , but it was easy enough to follow the main road once she got to the fork in the road and the fingerpost sign .
The village streets were only a five - minute trot down the pike , and all was quiet by the dim light of a torchlight on either side of the Lands Gate entrance to the ancient town .
In spite of her earlier bravado , Myriah was suddenly tense , and her gut was telling her to be on the ‘ lookout ’ for anything untoward .
Good Lord — what would her father say now ?
What would n’t he say ?
She slipped off her horse and spoke to him gently , soothing herself as well as him .
“ Now then , love … easy , sweet darling … come then … that ’s it … come with Myriah … ”
She tugged at his leading rein , and he objected to the pull by bobbing his handsome black head powerfully in an up - and - down motion that caused her to giggle and reprimand him .
“ No , Silkie , no — this is no time to balk … be my good darling . ”
So saying , she urged him up the cobbled slope towards the Land Gate entrance to East Cliff Street .
They passed through the medieval archway , and she eyed the stone - pillared towers that flanked both sides of the street .
Land Gate dated back centuries , and there were many tales in its moss - covered stones — a wealth of them — but this was not the time for such musings , she told herself .
Silkie ’s shod hooves clopped along the deserted street and echoed loudly in the stillness .
Myriah looked around warily as they passed stores and narrow , darkened alleyways on their path down to High Street .
She gave a sigh of relief as she came to High Street .
She pulled out the crude map Dibbs had drawn for her .
Yes , this was the way , and she continued down High Street towards the center of the village .
The sound of men at pleasure began teasing her ears , and Myriah again was assailed with doubt .
She looked into the narrow alleyway that led to the inn ’s rear entrance and stableyard with hesitation .
The alley was just wide enough for her and Silkie to pass .
It was lined with two - story buildings , with only a few brightly lit windows giving off their light .
The sounds of revelry , fuller now in its proximity , made her tense with fear , for she had never before gone into such a place and had never before even thought of going alone down such a path .
A man popped his head out of an open window just above her , and Myriah jumped , startled by the unexpectedness of the action .
He laughed coarsely .
“ Fidgety lad , ai n’t ye ? ”
She ignored both the man and his taunt and continued to lead her horse up the sloped alleyway to where a large , square barnyard stood .
Hostlers came scurrying out of everywhere anxious to be of service , hoping to receive a sizable gratuity for their service .
She gave Silkie ’s reins into the hands of one of the boys and dropped a coin in his palm .
“ Water him and hold him ready for me .
I shall return shortly , ” she said in a voice she felt was credibly masculine .
And as he was far more interested in the coin she gave him than in the huskiness of her voice , he scarcely glanced at her .
Myriah attempted a lad ’s swagger as she stalked into the inn , passing through a rear small tavern room where several older men mildly glanced her way before she entered the long hallway .
She had not seen Kit in the small room , nor did she find him in the sitting room to her right .
A quick glance out the hall window into the enclosed courtyard told her that he was not lurking about outside .
She was worrying over the problem as she turned and walked into the belly of the substantially sized innkeeper .
“ Eh , now , laddie — what be yer hurry ?
Ye look a bit young to go sauntering free as ye please into my ken . ”
The man wiping his hands on his white apron looked friendly enough .
“ Oh , if you please …
I am looking for Lord Wimborne , ” Myriah said , hoping her voice would pass .
He eyed her a moment , obviously thinking her a sickly looking lad .
“ Got business with ’ is lordship , ’ ave ye ?
Well now , why do n’t ye give me yer name , and I ’ll go inform ’ im you be ’ ere wanting a word with ’ im . ” “ Very well … tell him Master White needs him immediately . ”
The innkeeper went off in the direction of the main tavern room at the end of the corridor and left “ Master ” White to pace the hall in what might have seemed to any observer a most frenzied fashion .
As it happened , Sir Roland , just as Tabby had thought and advised her , was not only in the area but had taken up residence at the Mermaid Inn , and he chose that moment to round the corner in the hallway and stop short some ten feet away from Myriah .
She nearly gasped out loud as she turned her face from him and moved into one of the tavern ’s smaller rooms .
All she could think was that Sir Roland was only a few feet away .
What was she to do ?
What if he recognized her through her disguise ?
And then she looked up and saw Kit in the far corner with Fletcher at his side , deep in conversation with another man .
He looked up as though he felt her gaze , and their eyes locked .
She saw at once that he became concerned for Billy , and as he took long , hard strides to her and held her by her shoulders , she squeaked out , “ No !
Billy will do … the doctor is with him … right now . ” “ Then what the deuce are you doing here … like this ? ” he hissed .
“ Dibbs … he came … needs you … ”
Kit and Fletcher , who had sidled over in time to hear the last of this exchange , exchanged glances , and Fletcher said , “ Oi ’ll be getting the horses and meet ye in the courtyard . ” “ Aye … ”
Kit said as he took Myriah ’s hand and led her outside , heedless of what people might think to see him holding a boy ’s hand as though it were a treasure .
Myriah was conscious of the trembling shivers his touch always made her experience , but out of the corner of her eye she saw something — someone else .
Sir Roland .
He had followed them outside , and now Sir Roland was looking at her black stallion … and Sir Roland had often seen her black to know …
She was undone !
* * * Kit ’s mind worked hard .
What was Dibbs doing at Wimborne ?
He thought everything had been settled on his last trip to London .
What had gone wrong ?
What could have brought Dibbs here in the dead of night ?
Just before Myriah had appeared , he had asked the men that served him to wait on him for the final details of their next crossing , which would not be until the night after this , when the moon would be at its peak .
They needed enough men ready to unload their cargo when they returned , and the timing was crucial .
And with all that to deal with …
Myriah was still forever infiltrating his thoughts .
By all that was holy , he could n’t stop thinking about her .
He saw her face at every turn .
She was a constant , a need that rubbed him raw .
She played around in his head , turning up when he least expected it , and now here she was in the flesh , dressed as a boy !
Would she ever cease to amaze him ?
He wanted to lecture her , but damn , she had come through on this one .
Just who was this Myriah White ?
* * * Myriah ’s thoughts were a jumble as she rode Silkie in a fast - paced trot in an effort to keep alongside Kit ’s dark bay gelding .
She was in the suds .
Sir Roland would inquire about who Kit was , and then he would know she was at Wimborne .
Perhaps he would think she was on a lark … pretending to be a lad ?
What was she going to do ?
If such was not enough to distract her , there was Kit , whom she loved with all her heart .
His voice went through her , tickled feelings of need , and she wanted to tell him who she was … but she could n’t .
She wanted him first to declare himself , so she could be sure he loved her … not her wealth .
He was in trouble ; she knew that much , but nothing more .
Who was this odd man , Dibbs , and what had he to do with Kit ?
What was Kit doing at the Mermaid Inn ?
Who had been with him in the tavern ?
Why had Fletcher been with him ?
Absolutely no answers presented themselves to Myriah before they turned onto the drive that led to Wimborne ’s front double doors .
Kit had not said a word to Myriah since his first questions , and except for a sideways glance every now and then , she had not been sure he cared whether or not she and Fletcher kept up the pace .
However , he was off his horse and scooping her down from hers before she realized what he was about .
Surprised by his sudden attention , she eyed him shyly , unsure of herself and feeling unattractive in her boy ’s attire .
He smiled and took her hand .
“ You look a veritable child .
Why had I not seen that before ? ” he whispered softly before turning to Fletcher .
“ I am sorry , Fletch , to leave you to see to the horses on your own , but I must get Miss White indoors and meet with Dibbs . ” “ Aye , that I will , though yah best be nobbut a moment , fer there ’s no tellin ’ how long thay ’ll wait on us , ” Fletcher grumbled .
“ Do n’t be such a woman , Fletcher ! ”
His lordship laughed and took Myriah ’s arm , leading her into the house .
“ Wisht , wisht , that wo n’t hold ! ” returned his groom , walking all three horses away with a shake of his head .
Kit rushed up the stairs , pulling Myriah with him , and he looked as though he was in high spirits .
She had no notion what had occurred to send him soaring but was heartily thankful that he was at least at peace with her .
When they reached Billy ’s room , Myriah stopped suddenly and looked inquiringly into his face .
“ My lord , I believe you will want to be private with Mr . Dibbs , and I am sure Billy will want to be in on the conversation .
Therefore , I shall retire to my room until such time as I am needed . ”
He looked down into her face and smiled , and the glow she saw in his gray eyes set her heart racing .
“ Will you never , ever cease to surprise me , sweetings ? ”
She had no answer to this question and thought that this was the moment to retreat , which she did .
Now Myriah was as curious as any female , and the questions that taunted her needed answers , yet she was often governed by instinct , and ’ twas instinct that made her retreat suddenly .
She sat in the darkness and waited for a knock to sound on her door , smiling to herself .
Finally , yes , finally , the high and mighty Viscount of Wimborne Towers was beginning to find her not so very hard to like !
She had done him a service and had asked nothing in return , not even the chance of listening to their secrets .
The knock sounded at her door and she breathed a sigh of relief — at last .
She rushed across the blackness to stand looking up at Kit ’s beloved face as he raised a brow , and she was struck by his larger - than - life quality .
When his voice came , she felt herself tremble .
“ Why were you sitting in the darkness , Myriah ? ” “ What ?
Oh , it helps me to think at times . ”
Her voice was barely audible .
“ And you have so much to think about ? ” inquired Kit , standing too close , and looking at her in a way that made it difficult for her to think at all .
“ Faith !
Can you ask such a thing ?
Here you are … a total mystery … and I am human .
So , yes , I must admit to my curiosity — in fact , ’ tis threatening to overcome me . ”
He laughed good - naturedly and flicked her nose .
“ Thank you , Myriah , for everything … for the questions you do n’t ask … and for what you did tonight , though , in truth , I never want you to try such a thing again .
’ Tis too dangerous , and I do n’t like you going about at night alone … but I do thank you .
It was more than anyone else would do under the circumstances . ” “ You have this lamentable habit of exaggerating , my lord , ” she said breathlessly .
“ I do n’t know what to make of you .
One moment you think me some sort of monstrous female seducing young lads with bullet holes in their arms , and then , suddenly I am a heroine of stupendous qualities . ”
She giggled .
“ My dear sir …
I am quite certain I did what anyone would do , given no other choice — and I had no other choice ! ” “ I see you must have a very peculiar notion of me indeed .
But let it go for the present . ”
Kit said , taking both her hands , “ Thank you , Myriah …
I know what this must look like to you , and perhaps soon I will be able to explain . ”
He put her fingers to his lips and closed his eyes as he kissed them , and Myriah ’s body went into overdrive .
“ Come , Myriah , ” he said softly , leading her across the hall .
They entered Billy ’s room and were greeted with a sunny smile .
“ Never say you ’ve brought her back in here , Kit !
Hang it , man … why would you want to do that to me — did n’t I tell you she ’s a devil ?
Even let my broth get cold , she did , ” Billy accused with a wide grin .
“ Odious brat — if you do n’t have a care , I shall not make it up to you by bringing you another bowl . ” “ She - devil … that is precisely what I have hoped for .
If you do n’t bring me some meat , Kit , she ’ll be pushing that mush at me .
What sort of a brother leaves his own flesh and blood to the dealings of such a female ! ”
Master William protested amiably .
“ Hold , hold , Billy — if I brought you meat , how the deuce would you slice it with your one bad arm ? ” offered his lordship grinning .
“ Bring me the meat …
I ’ll find a way . ” “ Oh , very well .
If you will eat that … perhaps I shall fetch it , and if you are very , very good perhaps I shall even slice it for you , ” Myriah offered sweetly .
Myriah suddenly remembered Mr . Dibbs and looked about , asking in a tone of surprise , “ Wherever is Mr . Dibbs ? ”
Kit cast his brother a look of warning and hastened to respond , “ He was due back at his destination and thought it best to ride off at once . ” “ Right .
I know very well that he is from London , and how he could return there on the same steed is beyond me . ” “ Damnation , Kit …
I told you — too knowing by far . ”
Billy laughed .
“ What — because I knew he was from London ?
He spoke like one born and bred . ” “ And being from London yourself , of course , you recognized that ? ” asked Kit , putting up a brow in a manner she could not mistake .
“ Yes , I ’ve spent time in London .
Picking up some knowledge of the great city ’s dialect is not difficult and does not take much time , my lord . ” “ I see , ” his lordship said quietly .
“ Well , so he is returning to London tonight .
How will he manage ?
His poor horse must be ready to fall … ? ” “ Dunce ! ”
Billy declared , laughing .
“ He is using posting house horses , changes ’ em at the posting house at Tunbridge Wells . ” “ Oh ! ”
Myriah said .
“ Of course .
I had forgotten about that . ” “ Well , my Billy , I leave you in the best of capable hands , ” his lordship said suddenly .
Myriah turned open eyes on Kit , realizing that was what Fletcher had been mumbling about .
They still had business to take care of .
Still she asked , “ You … you are going out again … ? ” “ I must .
I left some rather unfinished business at the inn .
There is no hope for it …
I must go back .
I should n’t be too long and will relieve you here when return . ”
He touched her hand , and a shiver shot through her arm .
She felt him study her , and he laughed suddenly ; it was a youthful , joyous sound .
Its music thrilled her heart .
Billy ’s eyes went from his brother to his nurse , and a slow smile curved his lips .
Myriah eyed him narrowly and asked , “ What is so funny ? ” “ You and m ’ brother ! ” he answered , unashamed .
“ Horrid puppy ! ” “ Me horrid ? ”
He shook his head .
“ Lord keep me … it seems I ’ m bound to have a she - devil for a sister . ”
Kit smiled but said nothing to this .
“ Nonsense , ” Myriah returned with heightened color “ Said you meant to stay awhile — did n’t know it was going to be a lifetime ! ” “ Oh , Billy Wimborne … quiet … sister … lifetime …
I have n’t a clue what it is you are going on about . ” “ Stuff ! ” he retorted , unabashed .


~ Nine ~


SIR ROLAND FOLDED his greatcoat over the empty wooden chair beside a small corner table .
His curly - brimmed top hat and white gloves followed before he took up his seat .
It was late , and most of the Mermaid ’s patrons had made their way home .
He glanced around the half - empty tavern , idly stroking his chin , which was just beginning to shadow .
Strange , thought he , still immersed with his problem , very strange indeed .
What would that boy be doing with Myriah ’s Silkie — and he was certain it had been Myriah ’s horse .
He had never before known her to allow anyone the use of Silkie !
Something was off here … something tickled his mind with an answer , but he could n’t quite grasp it .
An odd boy … with a greatcoat that was extremely too large and too well made for a peasant , and breeches that looked as though they belonged to an older brother .
This and many other questions occupied his busy mind , proposing several fascinating possibilities , and it was not until the uniformed young man standing before him had coughed deprecatingly several times that Sir Roland looked up into the shallow eyes of Corporal Stone .
“ Pardon ? ” said Sir Roland , frowning up at the young man and wondering what he could want with him .
“ So sorry to trouble you , sir , but may I sit with you for a moment ? ”
His voice held an urgent note .
Sir Roland ’s brow went up , and a haughty look commanded his features .
“ I am certain you have your reasons for wanting to do so , but I do assure you that while I have no objection to company ordinarily , I must decline your offer as I chose this table for the privacy it affords , ” Sir Roland said .
The young Corporal Stone looked a bit harried .
“ To be sure , sir , I understand .
However , if you would but allow me … there is a very good reason for my intrusion . ”
He took the liberty at this point of pulling up a nearby chair while he cast Sir Roland another anxious glance .
“ Very well , ” he answered reluctantly , as he had no liking for excisemen ; however , his curiosity was beginning to nibble at him .
Stone breathed a sigh of relief and straddled the chair he had appropriated , leaning forward over the chair back and peering intently at Sir Roland ’s countenance across the table .
“ ’ Tis this , sir — I ’ m on government business tonight .
If you will but cast your eyes in the direction of your left shoulder , you will see a table full of coveys . ”
Sir Roland sighed heavily and turned his head slightly in the direction indicated .
He shrugged a shoulder and returned a bored countenance to Stone .
“ Evidently a rough lot … but they appear no more so than any other fishermen I have seen .
Really , sir , I fail to see what all this has to do with me . ” “ Fishermen ?
Lord love ya … ’ tai n’t so … though they would have us think so .
Look , it ’s not anything to do with you at all .
Fact is , I know you are new in Rye !
Made it my business to know .
That ’s why I can trust you with this much .
You ’ve got no call not to cooperate with me .
You see , sir , ” Stone explained , lowering his voice and yet managing to convey the portentousness of the information he was about to impart , “ those coveys are , I have no doubt whatsoever … smugglers ! ”
Sir Roland ’s brow shot up , and his head went around involuntarily for another look at the alleged tidesmen .
Stone , satisfied that he had impressed the nobleman , grunted in a tone meant to convey his momentary gratification .
Intrigued , Sir Roland ’s eyes brightened , and he sat up , now ready to continue the conversation .
“ Upon my word — never say you are about to make an arrest tonight ? ” “ Arrest ? ” young Stone said , opening his eyes wide .
“ Bless me , no ! ”
His voice took on an inflection of disgust .
“ Have n’t the proof , you see . ”
Sir Roland stifled a yawn , and as he observed the innkeeper crossing the room and heading their way , he put up a hand for service .
The tavern keeper caught Roland ’s motion and sidled over , sniffing affably .
“ What be yer needs , gents ? ” “ A bumper of ale , ” Sir Roland said .
“ Make it two , Thomas , ” added the landsman .
“ Aye , ” the innkeeper agreed , going off .
Sir Roland turned back to Stone , and the look of boredom had descended over him again ; he had some serious thinking to do , and what did he care about smugglers and such ?
“ I am certain you will think me a dunce , but it is still not clear what all this ” — he languidly waved his hand in the air — “ has to do with me . ” “ Eh , sorry , thought I had explained , sir .
You see , I need to keep m ’ eyes on ’ em !
Best vantage point be this table .
That way I can observe all their comings and goings .
Traitorous lot , the pack of ’ em ! ”
Sir Roland resigned himself .
“ Yes , I suppose , but … ”
Stone ’s eyes flew suddenly to the narrow doorway , and Roland followed the man ’s glance .
There stood the man locals had identified as Lord Wimborne , his uncovered honey - colored hair falling in waves around his ruggedly handsome face .


* * * Kit ’s tall figure shouldered a two - tiered caped riding cloak whose folds were negligently slung back across one shoulder , exposing a superbly cut riding jacket and tight - fitting breeches of the same material .
His Hessians were covered with dust from his recent hard riding , and his eyes were alight with merriment and more — the quality of command .
“ Back are ye , m ’ lord ? ” the innkeeper cried loudly as he spied Kit in the entranceway and hurried over to stand before him .
He dropped his voice to a whisper , and his words tripped out quickly , his eyes darting sideways as he spoke .
“ Thought ye ought to know .
That flash sitting wit the bloody revenuer … he was asking after ye jest when ye rushed off before . ”
Lord Wimborne ’s gray eyes found Sir Roland , though his glance in that worthy ’s direction was perceptible to no one .
“ Thank you , Thomas .
I ’ll be taking the blue room .
See to it that we are not disturbed . ” “ Aye , ” Thomas said as he moved off .
Kit then glanced at his men , sitting patiently around the oak table beneath the observation of the excisemen , as several of the government agents were scattered about the room .
His men were to all outward signs every bit what they appeared to be : big , hard - working , hard - living fishermen .
Not a word or another look passed between them and Lord Wimborne .
Kit moved agilely with Fletcher silently at his back as he made for the corridor to the stairs .
Stone saw the table of ‘ fishermen ’ suddenly emptied ; open - mouthed , he watched them file out of the tavern room .
He got to his feet and rushed after them , noting with a grunt of annoyance that any hope of discovering anything of use was put to the stake .
There would be no getting near enough to overhear anything they said , for any room they occupied would be well guarded against eavesdroppers .
He gave a chair in his path a vicious kick , which sent it hurling and brought some attention upon himself , before he returned to Sir Roland ’s table .
Thomas , the innkeeper , gave him a long , speculative look as he slammed the two pints of ale down on the table and waited for his money .
Stone produced the coin but reached out and held the innkeeper by the arm .
“ Thomas , you know what is afoot tonight .
Spill it out , man — ’ tis your duty as an Englishman ! ” “ You be daft , man .
Ai n’t got a notion what ye be blabbering about ! ”
Thomas snapped , pulling away his arm and walking off .
“ No notion … no notion at all ! ”
Stone spluttered irritably .
“ You ’d all sell your souls if there were a profit in it .
They are all closed - mouthed about the gentlemen .
Not the name I would call these damn smugglers . ” “ Lookee ’ ere ! ” the innkeeper shouted from across the wide , now almost empty room .
“ There ai n’t no call for the likes of ye to talk to me that way .
’ Tis none of m ’ affair what me customers do , and that ’s a fact .
Onct they pay their due , makes no ha ’ porth o’ difference to me where they go … or what they be doing . ”
The exciseman , barely twenty - five , eager , ambitious , and drastically impaired by the close - mouthed community of a smugglers ’ village , was continuously put out by such attitudes .
He was stifled by a job with little reward and little chance of success .
What he needed was a royal coastguard to aid him .
What they had were but a few revenue cutters — simply not enough .
He bent over his ale and began cursing the fates for his no - win job .
What he needed was a break … just one break , and then he ’d have ’ em .
Sir Roland ’s interest had revived with Lord Wimborne ’s emergence on the scene .
He sat watching the young exciseman , for now , here was something he might be able to use to help him in his own situation .
He had not noticed Kit glance his way ; however , he had most definitely been quick to note that the so - called fishermen — alias Rye smugglers , or gentlemen , as they preferred — had indeed picked themselves up and followed in Lord Wimborne ’s wake .
Somehow Myriah was connected in this … perhaps his lordship had a sister she was visiting ?
It would take looking into .
“ Tell me , did I hear that the gentleman who preceded your smugglers upstairs was in fact Lord Wimborne ? ” “ Aye — the devil ! ”
Stone answered sourly .
“ Does he , do you know , have a sister ?
I am trying to recall the family … ? ”
Sir Roland asked casually .
“ A sister — no , a younger brother , though … a part of all this as well . ” “ But no sister … ”
Sir Roland frowned and nibbled at his lower lip .
“ No , which makes it all a bit odd — them having that young beauty , their cousin , staying with them , and no other female in the house , but no doubt she has her maid with her … ” “ Young female , you say ? ” “ Aye , flaming beauty she is …
Miss Myriah White . ”
Stone sighed plaintively and added , “ I am sure she does n’t know what they are up to … an angel she is . ”
Sir Roland hid his smirk — nothing could be further from the truth .
An angel indeed — hiding out with a couple of bachelors ?
Just what was she doing ?
“ Ca n’t bandy about the Wimborne name though … there would be the devil to pay if m ’ superiors got wind of it .
Wimborne is an old name in this area — carries quite a bit of weight . ” “ Then it is surprising the present lord would mingle with a pack of … fishermen here at the inn , ” said Roland , luring the exciseman into revealing more .
“ That ai n’t the heart of it , man — why a fellow would have to have his upper works out of order not to realize ’ tis Wimborne himself that leads ’ em across the Channel on their dirty business . ” “ That , my good man is a very serious and dangerous accusation , ” Roland cautioned , still baiting .
“ Aye , that it is , and that is why I ai n’t made it official .
Already told you I ai n’t daft .
I ai n’t the brightest fellow ever wore the uniform , but I ’d have to be a dunce to go off half - cocked aiming a finger without the proof .
I know what he ’s up to … got all the reason in the world , he does .
Why he is up to his head in debt … has been dished this past year … maybe more ?
How else would he get the blunt to stave off the dunning ? ”
Sir Roland , no stranger to debt , was struck with a momentary feeling of pity for Wimborne .
However , it soon passed .
“ I see . ” “ Do you ?
No , how could you , being gentry yourself ? ”
Stone sighed and took a long drink of his ale .
“ We nearly had him the other night — the young brother that is . ”
He shook his head .
“ We were so close . ” “ Do you mean that you actually observed the brother in the act of landing a cargo ? ”
Roland said in a startled whisper .
“ Dash it , man … nearly !
The young scalawag is in league with the devil himself , he is , for I am certain we put a hole in him !
Knew it — saw the line of him , saw him slump over in his saddle , but then there he stood , hale and uppity as ever ! ” “ Hang it , Stone !
Either you shot him or you did n’t . ”
Sir Roland frowned and began losing patience .
“ That ’s the point — the very tear in the tale .
Ca n’t be sure anymore , for while my men could have sworn ’ twas young Wimborne .
We had the lantern up , and they thought they saw his face in its light … but then , there he was , no bullet hole to poke a finger at . ”
He shrugged .
“ And we did find his hat near the spot . ” “ Devil you say — that seems proof to me . ” “ Aye , so it did to me , but then came the lovely .
She claimed , and I do believe her , angel that she is , that she lost the hat on her way to town to have it repaired . ” “ Well , I ’ll be damned ! ”
Sir Roland said on a low thoughtful note .
Now what did he have here ?
Enough to force her hand or ruin her — that was what !


* * * Kit glanced over at his man , Fletcher , staunch as ever , peaked wool cap pulled low over his forehead and leaning up against the wooden door of the room he and his men presently occupied .
No one was getting past Fletcher .
He smiled to himself as he brought their meeting to a close .
“ Well now , there you have it , lads , ” he said , putting a hand through his air and setting a foot on the chair in front of him .
“ We cross tomorrow night for the last time — hopefully .
Dibbs has come with the last of it , I do sincerely hope . ”
A heavyset man , clothed in a dark wool shirt and a weathered dark jacket , pushed his chair back and eyed Kit with the only eye left to him , having lost the other in service of His Majesty some years ago .
“ Begging your pardon , m ’ lord — yah seen us through a fetch or two , and you ’ve got me through more than I can count , and I ’ m thinking ye ’ll see us through a good sight more without us getting twigged , and damn the blunt has been good , but I do n’t like the sound of this last job . ” “ Trust me , Fry .
You always have , and you wo n’t be sorry this time either , ” Kit said on an irritated note .
“ Hold , m ’ lord . ”
This came from a young man in similar worn , dark clothing .
“ Fry here be in the right of it .
We trust ye with our lives we do , and coz ’ tis so is why we vote to follow ye as we ’ ave .
I got four young brats wit their mouths open all the time , and another one cooking .
’ Tai n’t any way I can feed ’ em without the ready , and this way be as good as any other , but this last … gives me a fear , it does . ”
Kit shook his head .
“ Is that the way of it ?
After all these years — you do n’t trust me to see you safely home ?
Even you , Fry ? ”
He waited just long enough to allow Fry to expostulate before slamming his fist down hard .
“ Damnation !
Yes , I saw you through a time or two .
Pulled you out of hell , Fry — in the Pyrenees .
Do you think I ’d throw you into it this side of freedom ?
Hang me before I do !
What do you all think — I ’d leave you to fend for yourselves ?
What sort of paltry covey do you take me for ?
You , Bilkes , with your brats — when this is done , you ’ll take care of Wimborne grounds , just as you did before we started this heathenish business — just as your father did before you .
And you , Fry — you ’ll work Wimborne stables just as I promised you when we sold out .
All you damn fools will work Wimborne … just as you have always done !
Stupid lot of brutes I ’ve got for myself , ” Kit said , grinning at them .
The man called Fry put a fist to his heart .
“ Aye , m ’ lord , ye be in the right of it , but what of the Winchelsea boys ?
They wo n’t like us pulling out when we do . ” “ Those lads are a hard lot .
They have always been smugglers … they always will be smugglers .
Do n’t think they were living on the thirty or forty kegs we passed from time to time !
They went in with us for the money , but they got their own ken — their own galleys — and you need n’t give them another thought . ”
He scanned the faces .
Satisfied with the results , he resumed his seat and drew up paper and quill .
“ So then , mates , let ’s get on with it .
We ’ll have to plan it to the minute , for our landing crew gets fidgety when we ’re not on time . ”


* * * Myriah smiled up at Tabby , who came to relieve her in Billy ’s room .
She tucked Billy in , but he seemed to be sleeping peacefully .
With a sigh , she left him to her groom and went to her own room .
It was late , and she was exhausted .
She dropped her gown where she stood and climbed into bed , pulling the covers all around herself and allowing her mind to wander .
She had a major problem , and its name was Sir Roland .
She rummaged for a solution , and finally found one , but oh , she thought , it was going to be tricky .
She did n’t know how long it was that she slept , as she could n’t see the clock quietly ticking on the far wall and did n’t feel like getting up to have a look , but she could hear movements in Kit ’s room .
She glanced towards the door that stood between the rooms , between them .
She had removed the chair she had wedged there — it seemed an age ago — and she could see a dim light at the crack of air beneath the door .
He was back … and it was more than relief she felt .
It was much more — it was anticipation .


* * * Kit was tired .
Yet as he stood in his room and tossed his shirt across to a wooden chair , his heart spoke with need and his body tensed with desire .
She was so close … just in the next room .
He should go to her and tell her how wonderful he thought her .
He saw her now as an angel .
Had n’t she appeared and saved his brother ?
Had n’t she nursed him , stayed with Billy while he had no choice but to meet with his men ?
Who she was no longer mattered .
What she was — only one answer to that : his !
Damnation , but that was something he felt in his blood .
She was his , and he had made up his mind to it as he went to their connecting door .
He already knew it would be unlocked before he pulled it open , feeling like a boy without style or grace , feeling awkward and wanting to get it right .
The door made a slight creak as the light from the candle on his nightstand at his back flickered over her fiery hair spread all about her face .
She sat up , and her beauty literally stole his breath ; all he could do was stand there and stare …
She smiled at him and whispered , “ You are safely back …
I am so glad . ”
He went to her , knowing it was more than words he wanted to express .
He had her in his embrace as he whispered her name , “ Myriah … ”
It was all he could utter as his lips parted hers — as his tongue reminded them both of their last encounter .
He pushed her gently back against her pillow and stood for a moment to pull off his boots and then his breeches , and his heart swelled as she stared at his body and licked her lips .
He came to her then , took her hand , and put it to his hard , pulsating manhood .
She stroked him enticingly , and he groaned as he broke away and climbed onto the bed .
He bent his head to her full breasts and whispered her name , just before he began to suckle and fondle there .
She threw back her neck and closed her eyes .
He looked at her and whispered , “ No , my sweet .
I want your eyes open …
I want you to see me … watch me touch you … ”
She opened them , and he was thrilled with what he saw in their deep blue - green recesses .
He kissed a path over her belly to her thighs , spread them , lifted her legs , and began nibbling and licking her clit as he brought her to a scream of pleasure .
He was breathing hard .
He could n’t remember ever feeling this way .
He wanted her more than any woman he had ever known in his lifetime .
More than that , he wanted to climb into her , be a part of her , and never let her go .
“ Kit … you are … beautiful … all of you … your shoulders , your arms … this … ” she said as she moved into position and took his cock , palming it with a motion that made him wild .
He rolled onto his back .
Holding her by her small waist , he lifted her into position and told her hungrily , “ Ride , love … ride it all you want , show me what you want from me , and I will give it to you … always … ” “ What I want is … everything … ”
Myriah said , climbing onboard .


~ Ten ~


“ ARR … ”
BILLY GROANED .
He blinked at Myriah as she pulled away his drapes from the window and turned to smile brightly at him .
“ Hold there — what the deuce are you doing ? ” “ Cook is sending up a breakfast you will love … and I am going for a quick walk .
’ Tis a glorious day ! ” she threw over her shoulder .
“ Come back here , she - devil , and keep me company ! ” he called after her .
She turned and stuck her head back into the room .
“ I expect your brother will be doing that any time now . ”
Some moments later , she stood on the front portico and breathed deeply .
Indeed , it was a lovely day for so many reasons .
Kit ’s lovemaking had gone on for an hour before they fell asleep in each other ’s arms , and while he had not uttered the words she craved to hear , he had come close .
He had told her she was his and never would be any other ’s .
He had said she made his heart beat .
Imagine … such a pretty thing to say , but more than that , he had meant it .
Oh yes , everything seemed brighter , lighter , and perfect this morning .
The gentle breeze brought the aroma of flowers that grew wild in the unkempt garden beds .
The sun played saucily with the mist it was burning away , and the sky was a rich and cloudless blue .
Myriah stretched her arms heavenward — ’ twas a new day , and it held fresh hopes .
She rounded the house and crossed the rear lawns past a rich meadow with grazing sheep .
They looked like puffs of dirty rags sitting upon black footstools , and Myriah laughed when one picked up its head and baaed at her .
She came across a small wooden bridge that arched prettily over a steep dyke and crossed it , feeling as though she had entered some fairy tale land .
She walked beside the dike , looking down into its dark waters , marveling at the glistening gems it seemed to hold , when all at once the sound of another lamb bleating piteously halted her .
“ Oh , gracious , however did you get there , you silly ? ” she asked the poor thing that was entangled in a mesh of wild grapevines .
Its struggles were plunging it deeper into the water .
She looked around for a means to get to the animal , but the walls of the dike appeared to be almost straight up and down .
However , there was a point at which a slope could be taken , though not without some effort .
“ Oh , my … ”
Myriah sighed .
“ Very well , little one , it looks as if I am going to ruin a perfectly good gown , and I do n’t have but one other with me . ”
Myriah then picked up her skirts and tucked the lace hem into her brown velvet waistband .
Off came her walking boots and stockings .
She braced herself with her hands against the grassy walls , holding onto exposed roots and digging the sides of her feet into the dirt for support , complaining bitterly all the while .
“ You realize , of course , I shall return looking horribly dirty , so I do hope you appreciate what I am doing for you . ” “ Baaa ! ” the lamb replied .
“ Very well … there , there , ” Myriah said , reaching the animal and patting its head .
However , the poor thing ’s neck was being strangled by the vines , so she set to freeing the creature .
This took a series of tugs that set her off balance , and she slid down the remainder of the slope and landed up to her knees in the water .
“ Good lord ! ”
Myriah exclaimed .
“ ’ Tis but low tide , and just look how deep it is .
I shall probably catch my death of cold , you horrid animal .
I do wish you had n’t tried to strangle yourself this morning , ” she said , wading out of the water and climbing back up to the lamb .
’ Twas no easy task freeing him .
The vines were made of sturdy stuff , and pull as she might , many of them still held fast ; however , a long grunt and a solid pull did at last free the lamb .
The fact that it also sent Myriah simultaneously flying backwards ( not without the sound of her scream reverberating through the marshes ) seemed to spur the lamb up and over the walls of the dike .
Myriah ’s scream ended with a splash , and it was a moment before her head resurfaced .
She gasped for breath , noted the lamb had escaped to freedom without a backward glance , and told him he was an ungrateful creature as she climbed out of the dike .
Most individuals when fully clothed and in a similar situation would not stop along the way to sightsee .
However , Myriah was a breed of a different beat .
A formation caught her eye , and as she was already quite wet , she could see no harm and so sidetracked to satisfy her curiosity .
Perhaps it was the charm of finding lush , thick grapevines hanging like a screen over a mesh of driftwood that for some inexplicable reason seemed to have gathered in this spot , and only this one spot .
Perhaps it seemed intriguing that this formation appeared to be some seven or eight feet in width and could not be reached except by water , since a kind of stone platform created a ceiling over the hiding place .
At any rate , Myriah knew a strange palpitation of the heart as she approached and peered through .
Spreading the vines , she was not surprised to find a galley boat , some forty feet in length and about seven feet in width .


* * * “ Myriah ! ”
Kit shouted .
“ Myriah ! ”
He had heard her scream and the scream followed by a splash , but when he reached the dike he did not see her .
A sick , painful ache immediately formed in the center of his belly .
She swam to the water ’s edge and called out thankfully , “ Kit !
Over here , Kit ! ”
He ran the distance and came to stand looming above her .
“ Oh my God , Myriah ! ”
The sight of her completely drenched and struggling to emerge , hindered by her sopping gown , was such a relief that it sent him into a convulsion of wicked mirth .
He doubled over with laughter , pointed at her , attempted to say something , but went off again unable to contain his glee .
As one could imagine , the lady found nothing in her present predicament worth such uproarious and unholy mirth , and she proceeded to advise him of this .
“ Fie on you , my lord !
You wretch — how can you , when I stand here wet and cold and … confound it !
I can not climb out of this wet hole ! ” she declared .
Still chuckling , he made his way down the slope to her , gripped her arm , and pulled hard in order to overcome the weight of wet clothing .
At length they reached the grassy top and collapsed on the ground .
However , they made the mistake of finding each other ’s eyes , and this sent them both off into a fit of mirth that lasted long enough to wind them for some time .
At last Lord Wimborne collected himself , rose , and pulled Myriah to her feet .
He shrugged off his riding jacket and put it round her wet shoulders , saying lightly , “ Come , love … we ’d better get you to the house and into some dry clothes before you catch your death . ”
She pulled on her boots , and they set off hastily for the warmth of a hearth fire .
She stopped him suddenly and looked intently up into his gray eyes , almost afraid of what he might say when he heard her out .
“ I was n’t spying , Kit — honestly , I was not .
I was trying to save one of hose horrid little lambs , who did not even have the decency to thank me for my effort .
But then , I fell in , you see … ” “ I see very well . ”
His lordship chuckled .
“ Dreadful man ! ”
She smiled , but then her face turned grim .
“ But … then , I saw . ”
Kit frowned .
“ You saw what , Myriah ? ” “ I did not mean to … but the driftwood — the vines clustered just so .
It caught my curiosity , and I thought as long as I was already wet I ’d have a look .
There is a galley hidden there .
But you know that already , do n’t you ? ” “ A galley ? ” “ Yes , ’ tis hidden in what appears to be a man - made tunnel … no telling how far the tunnel goes . ” “ There is nothing in that .
Many of the fishermen keep their galleys stored in underground caverns .
This is the marsh and often done .
And ’ tis nothing for you to think — or talk — about ! ”
Kit said , his gray eyes veiled .
“ Now do come , Myriah … before I end up with two patients on my hands . ”
He put his arm about her shoulders and gently urged her forward .
She decided to let it go .
He did n’t want to tell her outright , and she understood , but she wished there did n’t have to be any secrets between them .
Once cleaned and dry , her ivory silk ( which was damaged beyond repair ) traded for her one remaining blue gown , she spent the next hour on the hearthrug in Master William ’s bedchamber .
She , Kit , and Billy enjoyed a hearty breakfast — Billy ’s second such meal of the day — though it was done with much bantering and laughter at Myriah ’s expense .
The tale of her morning adventure was the principal topic and one that gave both gentlemen an enormous amount of fun .
Myriah sat with her long red hair towards the fire , drying sections of it that were still wet .
She pulled a comic face and sniffed amiably .
“ ’ Tis all very well for you two to go on and on , but I am now minus a gown .
I think you and your sheep are quite horrid ! ” “ Listen to the girl … as though she did n’t enjoy her dipping , ” Billy said mockingly .
“ And it was n’t our sheep you were saving but Farmer Todd ’s . ” “ Same thing — your land … he is a tenant … so , your sheep . ” “ She has a prodigious way of connecting the two , but she has a bit of a point there , Billy .
Very well , we shall concede … we most certainly owe you one gown ! ” “ Ha , ” Billy protested .
“ I would n’t give her one groat .
Did n’t ask her to fall into the canal , did I ?
Of all the clumsy … ”
He grinned widely at her because she was on her feet and threatening to choke him .
“ Billy Wimborne , you just wait till you are well enough to take a beating .
It shall give me immense pleasure to be the one to administer it — for you dearly need one . ”
Something caught Myriah ’s eye then , and she turned towards the open doorway to see one of Cook ’s sons standing there fidgeting uncomfortably .
Kit got up from Billy ’s bed and smiled reassuringly .
“ Yes , lad ? ” “ There be someone ’ ere from Rye .
He has a note for Miss ’ ere … and he be wishful of giving it to ’ er direct . ” “ Who is this someone ? ” inquired Myriah frowning , fear suddenly clutching at her heart .
“ Aw , he be jest some village boy .
I tried telling him I ’d bring the letter up to ye … but he wo n’t have it . ” “ I see … very well , then , I ’ m coming . ”
She turned and excused herself .
She left her gentlemen eyeing one another as she followed the boy downstairs .
Myriah crossed the hall to a ragged young lad no more than ten who stood biting his bottom lip .
She dove for a coin from her inner dress pocket and put it in his hands .
“ There … thank you for coming all this way , ” she said , reaching for the note .
He hesitated .
“ Be ye Lady Myriah ? ”
Myriah glanced about quickly and hastened to quiet the boy .
“ Ssh … yes , I am .
Now may I have the note please , and tell me do … who put it in your hands ? ”
He handed it over and sniffed .
“ A fine gentlemen , and he paid me to wait for yer answer .
I wo n’t get my half - crown lest I do . ” “ Very well , ” Myriah said , breaking open the seal and moving away to read the epistle .


Myriah , I do n’t know what game you are playing with the Wimbornes , nor do I care .
You have done me an injustice that we must discuss .
Meet me at a place of your choosing , but do not deny me this one boon — ’ tis the very least you owe me !
Roland


Myriah sighed .
So … he already knows where I am , and soon Papa will know as well — and then … ?
She returned to the boy .
“ Tell me … when you asked for me , did you ask for Lady Myriah ? ” “ No .
The flash cove , he said … jest ask for a red - haired woman staying with the Wimbornes .
Then he told me to give that lady the note if she admitted to be Lady Myriah .
That ’s what I did … jest like he told me — now I needs an answer so I can get the blunt . ” “ You will have to wait a moment , ” Myriah said , crossing the hall to the library .
She found paper and quill and jotted down a quick reply , sealed it , and returned to place the letter in the boy ’s dirty hand .
Myriah watched him leave and stood alone in the hallway a moment before she turned and started taking the stairs slowly up to the second floor .
When she reached the landing , she found she could not return to Billy ’s room and went to her own instead .
She dropped onto a chair near her balcony and stared out the glass doors .
Well … it was all over .
She would now have to admit to her identity — and if Kit declared himself after he knew her name she would always have a doubt .
Was it for her money ?
Oh faith … she wanted him to want her now — now when he thought her a nobody .
A knock sounded lightly at her door , and she got up just as Kit filled the open doorway .
“ May I come in for a moment , Myriah ? ” he asked gently .
She gave him a mischievous look .
“ So odd …
I do n’t think I heard you ask that last night … ”
He grinned boyishly , walked right in , and pulled up a chair facing her .
“ Something is wrong … do you feel you can tell me ?
Perhaps I can help . ”
Yes , you big fool , she thought ruefully , yes , there is something wrong .
I want you to love me … no , I think you do .
I want you to declare it , here and now .
Instead , she answered him with a soft smile .
“ Wrong ?
Why , no . ” “ Look , Myriah .
I believe you are in some sort of trouble , and whatever you think I am involved in … does n’t matter .
I want to help you . ”
She cut in quickly , “ I am afraid there is nothing you can do . ”
She hoped that would be the end of it .
How could she tell him when she so wanted him to first say he loved her ?
He got up and paced a moment before returning to bend onto one knee and take her hand .
“ Tell me , sweetings , what is it .
Just take a leap of faith and confide in me — let me be the judge of whether or not I can help . ”
How can I , she thought , how can I tell you that I want you to declare your love and ask for my hand ?
You are a big oaf — that is what you are .
You should be down on your knee asking for my — but no , instead and looking so inviting that I want to dive into your arms and confess the whole .
So she said , “ I am unable to do that .
We all have our secrets , do n’t we … my lord ? ”
At once she was angry with herself for her sarcasm .
“ Yes , ” he said , stiffening , “ I had quite forgotten that . ”
He got to his feet and started out of the room , hesitating once at the door , but without looking back he left her to her solitude .


* * * The pain of watching Kit leave ripped through Myriah like a whip that hit and snapped back in one motion .
His name lodged itself in her throat , though she was unable to call him back .
How could she ?
What would she say ?
Her hand went out towards the sound of his retreating footsteps , her mind called out his name , and then when it was too late , he was gone .
She heard him take the stairs and listened for the front door to slam , which inevitably it did .
Myriah wanted to cry .
Never before had she had the very thing she wanted and needed more than anything else in the world there , just before her grasp , and yet been totally unable to attain it .
However , she had no time to speculate on this or to allow herself the comfort of tears , for a bellowing voice called her to order .
“ Myriah , I say , Myriah ! ”
Billy shouted from his room .
She got to her feet and crossed the room , calling in response , “ Just a moment , Billy — I ’ m coming ! ”
She arrived at his room , put her hands on her hips , and inquired impatiently , “ Well , now that I ’ m here , what was all the shouting about ? ” “ Do n’t be a shrew ! ”
Billy admonished .
“ How else was I to get you here ?
Damnation , woman , you must learn to curb that nasty habit you have of unleashing your tongue .
’ Tis too sharp — you are liable to scare off every buck in sight ! ”
She pulled a face , and her mood became frosty .
“ You did not call me here simply to impart that wondrous piece of advice . ” “ Do n’t cut at me with your tongue , ” her tormentor chided .
“ A veritable vixen , ai n’t you ?
Well … as it happens I called you in here to ask you what ’s amiss . ”
When she began giving a noncommittal answer , he crooked a finger of his right hand .
“ ’ Tis no use trying to fob me off , for I do n’t take to round tales .
I ’ve got all m ’ marbles , so do n’t try pitching the gammon at me , Myriah !
Now , out with it . ”
She plucked at her blue skirt and then stared at him intently , “ Oh , Billy — I do want to tell you , but I ca n’t — at least not everything … ” “ Well , then , try telling me something , and we shall take it from there .
Trusted you with m ’ life .
I rather think you could do a bit of the same . ” “ Oh , and I would , but …
I do n’t want your brother to know .
You must promise me that anything I tell you will go no further . ” “ As it happens , Myriah , I think you ’re out there .
Knowing fellow , Kit .
He could be a help to you , but if that is how you want it , it is n’t for me to say nay .
So give over , do .
You have my word of honor on it . ” “ Very well .
I shall tell you this much only .
The note I received today was from the gentleman my papa wishes me to marry . ” “ Egad ! ” young Wimborne exclaimed , much struck with this piece of news .
“ However did the fellow find you ? ” “ I … well … oh , you might as well know .
I sent Tabby with a note to my grandfather , whom I thought might be worried about me , and Ro — the gentleman in question saw Tabby and followed him . ”
She sighed .
“ I have been expecting this , because Tabby discovered he was being followed , and although he was able to ditch him , the blasted man took it into his head to sleuth about Rye … where he is now staying .
I suppose he must have seen my Silkie , as he knows my stallion , when I went to fetch your brother for Dibbs . ” “ Sounds a devilish brute — tracking you to ground like this .
What does he want ?
I mean … you do n’t want to marry him , so why the devil would he … ”
Dawning lit in Billy ’s eyes .
“ Hang me , Myriah , ’ tis money he wants … so must be money you have .
Just who are you , Myriah ? ” “ The point being that he has demanded I meet with him . ” “ Damn if I will let you . ”
Billy shook his head .
“ I ’ll be out of this bed so fast and on you — see if I wo n’t .
You are n’t meeting this havey - cavey fellow alone … no , you are not . ” “ Oh , but , Billy , I must .
There is no telling what he may do if I do n’t meet with him .
It is n’t for myself I am concerned , but he could make things uncomfortable for my father . ” “ You ca n’t , Myriah — I sha n’t let you . ” “ I have a plan , but I need to stall him …
I need time . ” “ Myriah , the fellow sounds a rum - touch to me .
Do n’t like the dratted man .
I wo n’t have any sister of mine meeting such a fellow alone .
I am coming with you . ” “ No , you will not !
Silly puppy , do you want your wound opening up for all the excisemen to see ? ” “ Then take your groom with you , for God ’s sake , ” Billy retorted irritably .
“ Yes — yes , perhaps that would be wise . ”
She was no fool , and she knew that Roland was desperate for this marriage .
Everyone knew he was in debt and that only marriage to her would keep him from debtor ’s prison .
He might be capable of almost anything , but she had no choice — she had to meet with him .
She took a turn about the room , looked up at the mantelshelf clock , and exclaimed , “ Oh , gracious !
There is just enough time to change into my riding habit . ” “ Where do you meet this dog ? ”
Billy asked darkly .
“ Land Gate in Rye — ’ tis public enough to be safe , ” she said , vanishing from his room and leaving him to his thoughts .
She hurried with her clothes , donning the dark blue velvet habit she had worn on the night she had fled and landed at Wimborne .
Up went her long red hair , and she found the matching top hat in her portmanteau and plopped it on her head .
A quick scan at her profile in the looking glass made her grimace .
Not very neat , but it would have to do , she thought , as she rushed about looking for her kid gloves .
She scooped them up and popped her head into Billy ’s room .
“ There now — do n’t fret it , pup .
I shall be back within the hour . ” “ See that you do — for if you are more than ten minutes overdue , my girl …
I shall come for you myself , ” Billy threatened grimly .
She laughed , well pleased with his concern , and rushed down the front stairs , out of the house , and to the stables .
Tabson eyed her and said , “ I do n’t like it . ” “ You do n’t even know what yet . ” “ I know it is something I wo n’t be liking , ” he said on a humph and began saddling up their horses .
* * * Sir Roland Keyes gave his neck cloth a final pinch and surveyed himself in the long mirror .
He was well satisfied with his appearance .
He was , he thought , quite well built a buck by any standards .
His auburn curls were styled a la Brutus around features that were undeniably attractive .
His height and the cut of his clothes did him credit , though his lifestyle and his present plans did not .
In truth , he was rather surprised at Myriah ’s lack of proper appreciation for his proposal of marriage .
How could she ignore all his exceptional qualities ?
How came she to run from him ?
She seemed to enjoy his company .
He had hoped by now he would have won her over with his easy charm .
He was attracted to her and , of course , to the dowry that came with her hand .
Well , if she would not be seduced by his many exceptional qualities , then he would have no choice but to force her hand .
It was an irritating situation , for Roland was usually not the sort that had to resort to force and had no liking for it .
He enjoyed a challenge , and Myriah had certainly been that .
She kept his mind active , and though his heart had refused to beat any faster at the sight of her exquisite face and well - shaped body , still , he meant to have her .
He left the inn and called for his horse to be saddled , and it struck him that he had never been in love — not really .
Love , he supposed was something he would continue to get whenever he chanced to want it , for marriage would not in any way interfere with his amatory pursuits .
His steed saddled and ready for him , he mounted and walked his horse over the cobbles down High Street to East Cliff and rounded the corner where the Land Gate Arch loomed up before him .
Abduction had entered his mind .
He could perhaps entice her onto the road … ?
Not Myriah .
She was a fighter and would rather be ruined than be forced into marriage .
Besides , an abduction would require a private coach , and he had n’t the blunt for that .
He saw her riding towards him .
At her back was her groom — drat the man !
He pulled out his hand - painted enamel snuffbox and flipped the lid open .
With a deft movement he had a pinch up to his nostril and inhaled , hoping its soothing quality would control his temper , for he was much annoyed with Myriah for all the trouble she had put him to .
He waited quietly as she approached , and his eye was not blind to her fresh loveliness .
He rarely thought of money when she was this close , only of possessing her .
Money was but a comfortable end result to the marriage he planned .
He snapped his snuffbox closed and replaced it in his inner pocket .
A warm smile hovered about his sensitive lips .
Myriah ’s eyes glittered challengingly as she rode up to meet him , and she looked as wild as the stallion who was presently throwing his head .
“ Dash it , love , but you quite take the breath away , ” Roland said , slipping off his horse agilely and putting up his hands for her .
She allowed him to help her dismount and stood with her back to the horse while Tabby hovered in the background with the reins .
Roland attempted his usual play with her .
He touched her nose .
“ Naughty Myriah , you have sent a shaft through me .
Promising to marry me one minute and vanishing the next .
Heartless creature — kiss me . ”
She pushed his chest away and laughed .
“ I did not promise to marry you !
Now , out with it , Roland .
I have come as you demanded .
Where do we go from here ? ” “ To the altar , my love !
I wish it , your papa wishes it , and you know , deep in your hard little heart … you wish it ! ” he said glibly .
“ But I do not wish it , my friend , and if Papa wished for it in the moment , it was because he was angry , confused .
Do but listen to me , Roland … you do n’t love me . ” “ Ah , but I do , from your fiery ringlets ” — he traced a line from her forehead over her nose and stopped at her lips — “ to your dainty little toes . ” “ That , sir , is not love .
That is something quite different . ” “ My lovely girl , you simply are not up to snuff yet , though you think you are .
Yes , I love you , want you , whatever you will call it , ” he said , reaching for her neat little waist and bending down for her lips .
She pushed him away and stepped back .
“ What you want and need is first my dowry and then my inheritance .
Be a man , Sir Roland , admit it — you are dished , you need to marry to stave off your creditors .
I can name a dozen young women with nearly as much money as I that would do very nicely for your game .
They are willing prey .
I , sir , am not . ”
He put a gloved finger to her chin .
“ They have not your eyes , Myriah — they have not your body … and , my dearest child , they have not your name !
I do not intend to marry beneath me .
Those whose family names are acceptable are devilishly unhandsome .
You would not match me with such as that , now would you , Myriah ? ” “ Oh , Roland , you are horrid !
You are cold and calculating , and — ” He cut her off .
“ And in need ! ”
He took her by the arms and pulled her close .
“ What do you know of unfulfilled needs , pretty chit ?
Your papa gives you everything you want . ” “ If you had not gamed what you had left to you , sir , you would not be here now begging for my hand , ” Myriah shot back .
“ Listen to me , Myriah .
I have been doing this civilly .
I am done with that .
I am telling you that you will marry me .
You do not have a choice , ” he said complacently .
“ Roland , Papa did not make the announcement .
Therefore , I can not be held to it . ” “ No , he did not … nor did he give you permission to remain under the same roof with two bachelors . ” “ That is none of your affair ! ” “ I am afraid it is .
The Wimbornes are not only bachelors — they are also in the business of smuggling .
That , my dear , is another matter .
After all , I can not have my future bride involved with such riff - raff ! ” “ Smuggling ? ”
Myriah exclaimed , admirably feigning surprise .
“ Roland , if you brandish such statements about , you will lay yourself open for a slander suit you can ill afford .
The Wimborne house is an old and respected name . ” “ Ah , Myriah , you are not thinking .
I am no fool .
When I give you warning , take it .
Do n’t attempt to frighten me off the path , for it wo n’t fadge .
I am no schoolboy , and I am not playing a game .
I am in earnest .
Now let us understand something .
If you persist in your decision to remain in the Wimborne household , I will have no alternative but to report your whereabouts to your father . ” “ Do what you like , Roland .
I shall leave when , and if , my father insists on it — not at your command ! ” “ Do you know ?
You have put a notion into my head , ” Roland said , smiling without warmth .
“ Yes , indeed , Myriah … you are hot to protect these smugglers of yours … are n’t you ? ”
A chill shot through her .
She put out her gloved hand and held his arm .
“ There is nothing to protect . ”
His arm went around her immediately , encircling her small waist and drawing her to him .
This time , because she had to know , she waited to hear what was on his mind .
“ Sweet Myriah , wild love of mine , what a pleasure ’ twill be to tame you .
We understand one another .
Do n’t fight me , and no one shall get hurt . ”
She looked up into his hazel eyes , and they were bright with his meaning .
“ Pray , Roland , who could be hurt by — by my opposing a marriage with you ? ” “ You know very well what I mean , darling — your friends the Wimbornes , who are already suspected of being moonshiners .
I shall give evidence against them . ” “ You have no such evidence , ” she snapped and pulled out of his hold .
“ Leave with me tomorrow for your father ’s , and I shall forget their existence . ”
Roland frightened her .
He was too confident of himself … and he was well able to carry out his threat .
How did he know this much ?
She herself had been unsure just what the Wimbornes were up to … unsure until … oh , faith !
How did he know ?
She looked up at his face .
“ I …
I will think about it , Roland . ” “ Tomorrow afternoon , Myriah .
I want you ready to leave tomorrow afternoon , and then we shall discuss our marriage plans . ” “ I will give you my answer regarding my departure from Wimborne Towers tomorrow when we meet … but I will never discuss marriage with you , Roland !
Understand that . ”
She withdrew from his hold and turned to Silkie , who was being held by her groom .
She mounted quickly and motioned to Tabby , who was eying Sir Roland with an expression of severe loathing .
They hurriedly departed .
Sir Roland threw Myriah a kiss , for she made the mistake of turning to look at him .
She snapped her head back to watch the road , put out with herself and him .


* * * Lord Wimborne watched them and felt a sharp stab of discomfort .
He had come around High Street just moments ago and stood dumbfounded at its peak , watching Myriah converse with Sir Roland .
He could n’t take his eyes away from them , and his jaw clenched as he watched Roland take her into his arms .
What stopped him from going forward and ripping the man apart was the fact that at that moment she did not demur .
He was quick to recognize Sir Roland Keyes , the man who had been sharing a table and conversation with Corporal Stone , the same one who had been asking questions about him .
And now Roland was the man whose charms had brought Myriah away from Wimborne and into his arms .
Kit had seen her expression , and it was one of deep intensity as she faced Roland .
Bubbles seemed to form in Kit ’s veins as he watched her , and they popped , leaving him agitated and confused and bleeding .
He felt as though blood was oozing out of his pores .
He watched her pull away roughly and ride off … and he stared at Roland , once again feeling the need to tear him to pieces as he blew a kiss to Myriah ’s retreating form .
Every fiber in his body ached .
He saw Roland turn his horse about , and Kit urged his own roan into an alley , where he sat upon his steed ’s back waiting for Sir Roland Keyes to pass .
As he did , Kit noted with a stab of green jealousy that the man was not unattractive .
He knew an urge to fly home and confront Myriah — he wanted to face her , to demand her explanation .
He wanted to know why she had been in that man ’s arms .
What he did was go to the Mermaid Inn and order up a pint of ale and stare into its suds as he told the man at his side , “ Women can be treacherous creatures . ”
His companion was already in his cups but found this to be a very accurate statement and concurred by clinking glasses .
“ The devil is in it … but I think I will go ask her what in blazes she was doing . ” “ Would n’t do that … ” his companion slurred .
“ Why not ? ” “ She might tell ye … and it might not be what ye want to hear … ”
However , he put his coin on the table and stomped out of the tavern .
He was going home to have a talk with her and confront her !
Her wild , wondrous magic had enchanted his soul and held his heart captive , but he would not be played for a fool .
He rode his horse hard and arrived at his stables only a few minutes later , with his temper in full bloom .
Without bothering to call Fletcher to attend his horse , he slid off the saddle and put him in his stall , already stocked with his evening ’s hay .
When he walked towards his house , it was with intense purpose .
His front door flew open and away from his hands .
The stairs were taken two at a time , and the door to Myriah ’s room received no questioning knock but was sent inwards with a masterful show of force .
Her room however , was empty .
This in no way assuaged his lordship ’s strange fever , and he stormed across the hall , exploding like an erupting volcano into his brother ’s room .
His gray eyes were mirrors of intent .
Young Wimborne scanned his brother ’s face with a deepening frown .
“ Eh , what ’s amiss , Kit — what has happened ? ’ ” “ Myriah — where is she ? ”
Kit demanded , his tone a roar that displayed his uncompromising mood .
“ Myriah ?
Why , she said something about taking a walk .
Said she had to think .
She does that best outdoors . ”
Billy shrugged .
“ I rather like to …
Kit …
Kit … ? ”
However , his brother had already stomped out of the room , leaving him wondering .


* * * Myriah leaned against the tall white elm and gazed down at the dark seawater below .
Whatever was she to do ?
All at once she was looking into the stormy gray eyes of Christopher Wimborne , and her heart began beating against her chest , demanding — demanding …
His hands were burning through her sleeves as he gripped her arms , and the fury of his expression shook her with new wonder .
Whatever was wrong ?
“ I want the truth , Myriah !
The time for coyness is past .
What is Sir Roland Keyes to you , and why , my dear , did you meet him in secret today at Land Gate ? ” “ Secret ? ”
Myriah said , and her voice was pitched an octave too high .
Her lips trembled as she responded , “ My lord , I made no secret of it !
Why , one could hardly call the Land Gate entrance to Rye a secluded spot ! ” “ Damnation , woman , do n’t play games with me !
I want to know why you met with him , and why you chose to do it away from Wimborne Towers . ”
She bit her lower lip , and her lashes veiled the expression in her eyes .
“ Why — why must you know ? ” “ Lord … but you try a man ’s patience , ” he spluttered , shaking her .
“ I will know , and I will know now , my girl ! ”
She yanked herself out of his grip .
“ Do you mean to shake it out of me ? ”
He took one of her arms and brought her up against him .
Her face was beneath his own , and a chance observer might have deemed the sight a glorious and arduous one .
However , each of the antagonists was beyond such thoughts .
“ By God , Myriah — do not tempt me !
Your friend Sir Roland only last night sat chatting amiably with our friend Corporal Stone , and I will know what your connection with him is ! ”
Kit seethed .
“ Oh — is that … ”
Myriah began as understanding flashed through her mind .
So he felt betrayed .
She ’d thought — she ’d hoped — he was jealous .
However , she knew there was serious trouble ahead .
She was going to have to leave , and her heart was already breaking .
She looked into his eyes , and her voice was low as she said , “ Well , my lord , I have no notion what all your heat is about . ” “ Damnation , woman !
You have the audacity — did you not hear me before ?
I saw you … fiend seize the day and the first moment ever I clapped eyes on your face , but now I will have an answer .
I saw you by God in another man ’s arms ! ”
She slapped him across the face , stinging her hand as well as his cheek .
“ How dare you . ” “ You witch ! ” breathed Lord Wimborne , taking her into his arms ferociously .
His kiss was like a sudden , merciless wind , and it left her breathless and hungry for more .
His hand went to her hair , taking hold of her long red curls and pulling her head back , enabling him to discover what he felt — what he needed .
His kisses were wild , unrestrained , and infinitely deft in their enticing skill .
She was exalted and hurt all at once .
He was n’t making love to her , but laying claim .
This was all so new , and she was going to have to run away from him to save him and Billy from Roland .
Now she knew that Roland had met with Stone …
She did n’t have a choice any longer … but now , in his arms , her body trembled beneath his touch , and as he pulled her with him to the soft turf , she knew she would never love any other .
She pushed half - heartedly at his broad chest , attempting to fight the needs of her heart , but his voice came like a slow hiss and jolted her into anger .
“ She - devil , my brother calls you , but he does n’t know the half of it … ”
His lips were on hers again , demanding with the force of his desire and the skill of his experience , but Myriah was tense with anger and unwilling to yield .
He had never given her the benefit of the doubt .
If he cared for her , would he not try and do that first ?
“ Stop it , Kit ! ”
She shouted at him .
He laughed and mounted her , negating her effort at rising .
“ Oh , no , sweetings — ’ tis a devil driving me , ’ tis you , love , and there is nothing that could stop me now , Myriah . ”
That , of course , was all that was needed to unclothe the passion he had aroused in her .
With a strength born of fury , her hand once again left its mark across his cheek , and Kit Wimborne found himself off the lady and stretched solidly on the grass .
Myriah was up and running off in one movement , and her legs carried her faster than they had ever done before .
Her palm , red and burning , served to remind her that she had enjoyed at least some satisfaction before she discarded the odious brute she ’d had the stupidity to fall in love with !
A sob tore through her body and stuck deep her throat .
Well , so much for hurting him — he had n’t a heart to hurt .
She would leave Wimborne Towers and never look back !
She would leave on the morrow — never listen to his merry , dear rich and wonderful voice — never …
The tears that streamed down her cheeks were taken by the wind and slapped into her face again and again until at last she reached the house , found her room and her pillow , and buried her heart within its cool softness .


* * * Kit Wimborne , his face smarting from the blow of Myriah ’s hand , his head whirling and his heart in the heaving of unsure waters , watched helplessly as Myriah receded behind the sway of the land .
Plague take the girl — she behaved like a sainted mystery .
One moment she was an innocent with childlike eyes , and then the next a woman with a siren ’s magic !
Devil take it !
When she was near , all he wanted to do was make love to her , beyond his bed , beyond the fucking …
He wanted her voice in his ear .
He wanted her smile on him .
He wanted to hear her laughter in his home … he wanted Myriah in every imaginable way …
What was he going to do ?
Kit was a problem solver .
He did n’t allow things to lay waste from neglect .
He had to find out what she and this blade in town had together .
Jealousy had driven him into madness .
He knew the only way to banish the misery of his aching heart was to possess her , and he had gone about it poorly — not poorly , miserably .
He was a fool , he told himself .
He lay back against the turf and felt the cool blades tickle his cheek .
His hand went to his forehead , creating a shield for his troubled eyes .
He had to think , he had to clear his head — but most of all he had to get Myriah out of his mind .
He knew he must do that if he was ever to be at peace again — if he was ever to — oh damn .
He was in hell and on fire , because he would never get Myriah out of his system !


* * * Sir Roland rounded the corner and entered the long , narrow alley that led to the Mermaid Inn ’s rear stableyard entrance .
He had visited his buxom pot - maid in her bed and thereby dispelled some of his frustration .
Myriah was turning out to be a real problem .
Abduction it seemed was out of the question , for she was too well guarded by her groom .
No , he would not be able to abduct her whilst they had their meeting tomorrow .
What of Wimborne Towers , he thought , one brow low over his eye , the other going up , for suddenly he had a notion .
Yes !
Could he not linger about Wimborne unbeknownst ?
Certainly he could .
He would wait for the right moment , and with the special marriage license he had procured safely tucked in his pocket he would be one step ahead of his game .
He entered the inn , feeling suddenly ravenous , and proceeded to the tavern room .
“ Hallo ! ”
Stone called from the counter .
“ I was just about to have my dinner .
Why not join me ? ”
Sir Roland nodded amiably enough and thought , Why not ?
The fellow might have more to tell .
Pointing to young Stone ’s pewter dish , he ordered a plate of the same and a bumper of ale before joining the preventive officer at his table .
The young man sighed heavily as he leaned over his plate and gave Roland a calculated look .
Sir Roland discarded his greatcoat , hat , and gloves , on a nearby chair and returned the look with a smirk .
“ Catch any smugglers lately ? ”
Stone scowled .
“ Everything has been quiet — too quiet — but following a lead we got in Winchelsea . ” “ Oh ?
Anything interesting ? ”
Stone opened his mouth and then shut it quickly , for the innkeeper had sidled over with Sir Roland ’s dinner .
They waited for the man to depart , and then Stone inclined his head and lowered his voice .
“ I think we got ’ em this time .
Aye , that I do .
Tonight we ’ll have the bastards … ”
A lad , thin , small , and not more than nine years of age , pressed himself against the narrow opening of the tavern counter and sighed .
His mother had placed the brown package in his hands and bade him deliver it to the innkeeper ’s wife .
He had tried to hand the thing into Thomas ’s hands but found the busy tavern keeper almost impossible to halt .
Then the sound of Stone ’s voice filtered through his boredom , and his head moved sharply at the words .
Stone was well known to the lad .
The preventive officer was known to all the men ( and their boys ) who worked Lord Wimborne ’s galley .
Cautiously , he painted himself against a recess in the tavern wall where he was well hidden from view .
Stone continued , feeling safe by the emptiness of the tavern room .
“ Know they plan on a crossing just about seven or so tonight .
Mean to be there when they do …
Tide is in , and we have it on good authority that their galley be leaving from Wimborne Dike .
Our Winchelsea informer tells us they plan their drop at Knockholt Beach , and our Revenue Cutter will be waiting , on ’ em .
Lord , but I ’ve been waiting for this night , I have . ” “ You talk as if they were the Hawkhurst Gang themselves . ”
Roland smiled mockingly .
“ Aye , maybe I do , and maybe they ai n’t , as I have to admit the Hawkhurst were a bloody bunch , and these gentlemen be but a speck of dust in comparison .
All the same , they be traitors to the Crown , for they are giving the French our gold . ”
Sir Roland ’s sharp eyes caught the movement at the bar entrance , and he motioned Stone to silence .
The preventive officer turned around at once , and his dark brows met over his hawk nose .
“ Eh — what are you doing there , boy ? ” he demanded of the lad .
“ Me ?
Nuthin ’ …
I be waiting on Thomas , that ’s all — got a gown , m ’ mum done up for his wife , I do . ” “ John Bilkes ! ”
Thomas , the innkeeper appeared from nowhere and took the lad by the arm .
“ The missus be upstairs waiting on that dress .
You best take it to her quick . ” “ Aye , ” the lad said , scurrying out of the tavern room and rushing down the corridor .
He turned to find the heavy Thomas laboring after him and shoved the package into his hands .
“ Take this , sir .
Got to go after m ’ pa , I do .
Got to tell him . ” “ Tell him … tell him what , lad ? ” the innkeeper asked , frowning , but the lad was already running off .
* * * Myriah heard the thumping of the knocker and ran down the stairs to fling open the door .
There she found a young lad staring up at her just before he collapsed to his knees .
“ Oh , you poor boy — whatever is wrong , child ? ”
Myriah asked , observing his condition .
The boy blinked , opened his mouth to speak , and found no breath left with which to form the words .
He sucked in air and tried to get up .
Myriah helped him and steadied him against the doorjamb .
“ What is it ?
What is wrong ? ” “ Need Master Billy . ” “ Master Billy is … resting . ” “ Came straight here hoping Master Billy could go warn ’ em .
Do n’t know where the galley is m ’ self . ”
The lad gasped in staccato breaths .
“ Warn them ?
Tell me at once . ”
The boy eyed her for a moment , caught some air , and managed , “ You must be the one saved Master Billy … aye , then … is he able yet to get about ? ” “ No … so tell me now . ” “ Lookee , I do n’t know if I should , but I ai n’t got no choice , besides it do n’t make no ha ’ porth o’ difference , at this point , do it ?
So …
I ’ll tell ye all I know .
I was in the tavern , and I heard Stone .
He was saying to some flash cove how ’s they got ’ em tonight .
Oh , lordy , lordy , my poor pa … they mean to catch ’ em and hang ’ em , they do ! ” “ What ? ”
Myriah shrieked .
“ Explain yourself . ” “ They know the galley be going down the dike , plan on cornering ’ em at the entrance to the channel .
But if they do n’t manage the thing … then they aim to ’ ave at ’ em at the Knockholt Beach where they land . ” “ I see — right then , lad .
I know where they are .
Go upstairs and tell Master William what has occurred .
Do n’t let him get up — mind now .
If he tries , you get my groom who is sitting with him to help you bolt him to the ground if you have to .
Tell him I know where his brother is and mean to warn him .
Hurry ! ”
Myriah said before she rushed out of the house and felt the night air on her cheeks .
Thank God she had fallen into the dike this morning , Myriah thought as she sped across the little arched bridge on her way to the spot where the galley boat was housed .
Faith .
This morning ?
How long ago it seemed , and how much had passed since .
All the pain and the tears that loving Kit Wimborne had caused her to shed meant nothing in that moment .
She only knew that she would not , could not , allow him to be uncovered in his game .
His game was wrong .
She knew that and did not care .
What had she to do with right and wrong ?
What had she to do with proprieties ?
She only knew she loved , and for that love she would give her all if she could , even if she never saw him again .
They hanged smugglers — but they would not hang Kit .
No , being an aristocrat would win him , instead , a subtle destruction .
They would take his name and drag it through the slime , and that would destroy all trace of his heart — of his pride .
She would die before she would let them do that to him .
He was no doubt driven to desperation for his people … his tenants and himself .
She had to get to him and warn him .
She had to stop him from going out with the galley this night .
She held up her skirts as she ran through the tall , swaying grass , her eyes peering into the darkness , when suddenly she stopped to listen .
Then she saw him in the galley and ran to him .
She jumped into the boat with more speed than finesse , which set the lads to complaining as she rocked the vessel ; hands outstretched , she cried , “ Kit , oh Kit …
Stone is coming , and if they do n’t get you at this end , they mean to trap you at Knockholt … ”
Myriah ’s breath came in quick spurts .
Kit held her shoulders and looked into her face .
“ What is this ? ”
She told him about the lad who had come to warn them as he had overheard Stone ’s conversation .
Kit turned to his men .
“ Right then , lads .
John , go off and have our crew meet us at Beach Head instead of Knockholt .
Hurry now , there is no time , and make it blue lanterns !
Ride sharp now , mate . ” “ Aye , ” the heavyset boy said as he scrambled out of the boat and up the slope , disappearing from their view .
“ No , Kit — no , you do n’t mean to go still !
You ca n’t .
It ’s too dangerous .
Please … think of Billy — think of your name , ” Myriah cried , taking his lapels into her hand and attempting to bring him to his senses by wrinkling them furiously .
“ Hush , sweetings .
I damn well want to set your mind at ease , but I have to go tonight .
There is no help for it .
Do n’t ask me any questions , only believe me — it will be all right .
Now you ’ve done us a good turn — so out with you … ”
Realizing she was in the boat with him , Myriah folded her arms across one another and replied , “ No . ”
“ You will go and now — I ’ve got no time to waste convincing you , love .
If I have to pick you up and dump you into the sea in order to get you to go home , I shall . ”
His tone indicated that he would not spend any time arguing the point , yet Myriah felt she had to stay with him and would n’t budge .
“ Please , Kit .
I can help — I could be a lookout . ”
He laughed and chucked her chin , but at that moment they heard horses rumbling in the distance .
The sound sent a shaft of silence through them all , and Myriah found herself face down against the wood planking of the boat .
The smell of seaweed , salt encrustations , and fish threatened to overcome Myriah .
Her eyes were shut tight , and her nose was pressed against the bottom of the seaworthy galley .
She was vaguely aware of tremendous quiet above her until she heard Kit ’s whispered command : “ Steady , lads … keep the beat steady ! ”
The open boat was moving through the still water at an incredible rate .
She had never known what force men could apply to the oars .
She heard the swish of water against wood , she listened to the quick , even beat , and a tingle of excitement swept through her .
Then the sound of the dragoons slashed through the night .
She heard Corporal Stone ’s staccato orders and knew him to be close , too close .
Still Kit urged his men on .
He was like a god , wholly at ease , confident — instilling his men with the spirit to go on .
Again they heard Stone ’s command , followed by a series of gunshots .
She prayed .
She had often heard that smugglers would turn on the dragoons and engage them in gunfire .
She could n’t bear it if Kit were to kill a man who was only doing his duty .
She put the fear away and refused to think about it .
She loved him , and at the moment that was all that mattered — loving him and being with him .
Suddenly the boat pitched to the left , and Myriah put her hands around the firm , strong leg beside her .
Hoisting herself up to Lord Wimborne ’s knees , she could see that the causeway had split .
Faith — it had forked and left the riding officers standing foolishly at bay .
The dragoons were on the wrong embankment with no immediate way to the dike the boat had taken .
They stood like a pack of foolish boys , waving their blunderbusses and shouting threats and curses at the tidesmen ’s heads .
Kit looked back at them and , without slowing his pace at the oars , began to laugh .
It was a merry sound and infected his crew until they were all giving way to mirth , well pleased with themselves and each other .
Myriah shifted her position so that she sat , legs tucked under herself between the span of Lord Wimborne ’s knees .
She felt the salt - water breeze rush at her , for they were at the head of open water , and she heard Kit ’s jovial voice .
“ Right then , lads , keep a sharp eye out , and it is to Boulogne ! ”
The men around her chuckled , and she settled in between his legs to listen to the splash of water against the boat ’s side .
Myriah gazed up at Kit ’s ruggedly handsome face with wonder .
He was everything she had ever dreamed of in a man … and more — although she had n’t counted on moonshining .
She saw the pistol in his belt and touched it as she looked up at him .
He smiled at her as she asked , “ You would never use this … against innocent men … would you , Kit ? ”
He chuckled .
“ What kind of fiend do you take me for , love ?
If I use it ’ twould be to lay a few poor devils back … give them pause , not do them in . ”
She smiled , but the sea wind was strong and the cold shot through her thin silk dress , causing her to tremble .
He frowned and pulled in his oars , balanced them , and shrugged off his cloak .
She found herself being wrapped gently in its folds and felt a kiss planted on her forehead .
“ Here , sweetings , keep low right where you are , between my legs , and you should be warm enough .
I would n’t have had you on such a journey , but there was nothing for it — could n’t leave you to the dragoons . ” “ Kit , here with you is precisely where I want to be , ” she answered breathlessly .
He eyed her for a long moment but did n’t speak .
To Myriah she felt as though he had to shake himself loose from her to keep an eye to their crossing .
She smiled to herself .
She scanned the men — his men — and reminded herself that they were smugglers all , and yet , something was off .
She could n’t quite put her finger on it .
They had the look of men born to the land , not the sea .
To be sure , they were dressed as seamen with woolly caps covering their heads , kerchiefs round their necks , and they were working the oars with solid , strong movements .
Still … something was off .
They all had leather straps slung around their bodies , from which hung empty leather purses .
She sighed and supposed those purses would be filled tonight .
The sea was kind , the wind light and in their favor .
There was no tossing to slow their pace , and Myriah looked at the calm water and sighed .
It was too beautiful .
The moonlight made a narrow white path from the sea to heaven , and the stars twinkled brightly in the black velvet sky .
“ It ’s a full moon tonight , just what we ’ve been waiting for , ” Kit said to her casually .
“ I …
I do n’t want to hear it … ”
Myriah answered , as she realized the enormity of their crime .
This way of life — this smuggling — would make it impossible for them to be together … because of Roland .
“ You do n’t ?
You are a mystery , Myriah — a veritable mystery .
I would have thought you would love the adventure . ”
Kit smiled and nudged her gently with his leg .
She placed her cheek against his knee , and the action brought his eyes upon her .
“ Myriah … ” “ Yes , Kit ? ” “ Are you warm enough , love ? ”
She felt as though he wanted to say more but could n’t with all the interested ears around him .
She smiled and answered , “ Yes , Kit . ”
She was headed for Boulogne , France … and they were at war with the French .
What was she doing ?
The bay was now well behind them , and their galley appeared no more than a dark strip of wood on a vast sea .
Her map at home outlined the English Channel .
On paper it looked so very narrow , but that was paper , and this … this was reality , and no land was in sight .
Kit glanced at her , and finding her mouth dour , rallied her .
“ Well , sweetings , something has you by the tail — out with it . ”
She pulled a face at him .
“ That , my lord , is a most ungentlemanly thing to say to a lady . ”
He grinned .
“ Lady — my dear girl , tonight you are naught but a female smuggler ! ” “ Thanks to you . ”
She wagged a finger at his face .
“ I thought you wanted to tag along with us ? ” his lordship returned amiably .
“ I did — what does that signify ? ”
He laughed and began reciting .


With her pistols loaded she went on board , By her side hung a glittering sword , In her belt two daggers — well arm ’d for war , Was the female smuggler , who ne ’ er feared a scar .


She giggled .
“ You are jolly , are n’t you ?
For I do assure you I have no weapons about me , and I am very fearful of being scarred ! ” “ Then why are you here , Myriah ? ” “ Not for the adventure , ” she answered softly as she started to yawn , and it was n’t long after that she fell asleep .
The next thing she knew he was rousing her , calling her name .
“ Myriah … look …
Boulogne … look , love … ’ tis there … ”
She realized she had been sleeping and stretched both her arms and her neck as she peered through the darkness , past the gentle peaks of waves , but she could n’t see a thing .
“ No — I do n’t see a thing . ” “ Do n’t you ?
Must see about your eyes , love . ”
He was grinning like a boy .
She slapped his leg and then once again cuddled against him for warmth .
“ It feels like we have been on the water forever … ” “ We have , sweetings — this same trip took us five hours the last time , but without checking my timepiece , I ’d say we did it in three . ” “ Oh , Kit — must you smuggle ? ” she asked on a plea .
He laughed .
“ Must I ?
No , there are many who would say I most definitely must not ! ” “ Do not poke fun at me , Kit .
I am serious , ” Myriah said appealingly .
He looked at her and opened his mouth , and she felt in that moment he wanted to tell her something .
However , he turned away , and she could n’t see his expression , even in the moonlight .
She sighed sadly and looked again at the endless stretch of dark water , wondering why he had suddenly turned her up cold .
The next thirty minutes passed swiftly , and suddenly Myriah heard one of the men call ‘ land . ’
She got excited in spite of herself , for she had never seen France .
She had heard so much about it from her father , who had made the Grand Tour and who had seen Napoleon during the brief peace in 1802 .
She would actually set foot on French soil — and how she wished it were Paris and during peacetime .
She had started to daydream about it when she spied two wagons and a crew of French sea worthies flapping their arms about in greeting .
She then felt the galley scrape against the shore , and her heart jumped into her throat .
Kit ’s men were nimbly clambering out of the open boat , and then Kit himself was taking her hand and lifting her out , but not before he held her tightly against himself and breathed something low and heady into her ear .
He led her along the pebbly beach and held her around her waist as he paused .
She looked up at him and then followed his line of vision to a small , dark stranger .
The man was dressed in what she imagined a French gentleman would wear , and his many - tiered gray greatcoat came from the hands of a skillful tailor .
He inclined his head towards Kit and said in French , “ Bon soir , mon ami … it was a good journey , oui ? ” “ Oui , it was a good journey , ” Kit replied , moving away to position the man on one side of him .
She marveled at Kit ’s French accent , for she herself spoke the language only passably .
The French crew and English alike began loading the galley , and they worked in unison , totally unmindful that their two countries were at war — and Myriah was confused by it all .
She imagined they saw it only as a means to put food on their families ’ tables and clothes on their backs .
It was hard , backbreaking work , but it served , and thus there were no complaints as they did their jobs .
Once the galley ’s belly was loaded with tubs of French brandy , Frenchman and Englishman smiled peacefully at one another .
“ Who is the pretty with , you ? ” the stranger inquired , still speaking in French .
“ My woman , ” Kit answered quickly .
“ Do n’t fret it . ”
She understood Kit ’s last remark and blushed as she gave his sleeve a twist .
He grinned at her , found a driftwood log , and placed her forcefully upon it .
Then he quietly but firmly requested , “ Stay here , sweetings .
I have some business to transact . ”
She pouted but made herself as comfortable as possible and waited , watching Kit as he walked a short distance away from her with the Frenchman .
His eyes constantly darted in her direction , protectively keeping her in sight .
“ Have you the money ? ” the Frenchman asked .
“ Thirty - five shillings a tub . ” “ It is a high price , Louis .
Others pay you but twenty shillings , ” Kit complained .
The Frenchman smiled affably .
“ Yes , and they take off my hands eighty tubs , and they come regularly , my lord .
You come only now and then … as the mood strikes you , and then you take but thirty tubs . ” “ Still , my landing crew has complained about it .
They say that there is not enough in it for them , ” Kit argued .
“ Your landing crew — what are they but nodcocks who slink , carry , hide , and run ? ” “ They also break heads , ” Kit said drily .
The Frenchman laughed .
“ Ah , yes , but not yours , Kit , never yours .
You ’re far too clever . ”
Mynah ’s eyes opened wide with amazement .
She could pick up words here and there , just enough to assure her that her beloved was indeed up to his neck … she still had hoped was just a lark .
And then the Frenchman spoke in English , and his English was as good as hers .
What the deuce ?
She was so curious she stood up and inched her way towards them .
However , Kit took the Frenchman by the arm and moved him out of hearing distance .
She saw him take out a fat leather bag and place it in the man ’s grasp .
She also saw that , oddly enough , the bag was followed by something white and gold , something that looked like an official envelope .
She had seen that type of envelope before … somewhere .
Then it was over , and as if she had never heard the man speak in English , he was once again speaking French .
When they returned to her , the Frenchman was speaking .
“ What are you complaining for , my lord ?
You pay me thirty - five shillings , yes .
But you sell each keg for five pounds , do you not ? ”
Kit laughed and gave the fellow a robust slap on the back .
“ That we do , Louis … that we do ! ” “ Very well then .
We are pleased … for you have made your profit …
I have made mine . ” “ I have not done so yet .
I still have the Revenue Cutters to pass through . ” “ May they be damned !
Bon voyage to you , mon ami , and until we meet again , ” the Frenchman said , and then once again something peculiar bit Myriah .
Kit and the Frenchy took each other ’s hands and clasped them for all the world as though they were brothers .
“ Soon , Louis … soon you ’ll be on the soil — the soil that makes you what you are . ” “ Oui , mon ami , ” the Frenchman said with an elusive smile .
They parted , and Myriah watched wide - eyed as Kit stood looking after the Frenchman .
He sighed , and she looked into his eyes .
“ You like him a great deal , do n’t you ? ” “ Louis ?
Why , yes , yes I do , ” Kit said , smiling warmly at her .
“ Now … if I do n’t mistake , the lads have loaded the galley and ’ tis time I paid them their wage . ”
He went amongst them and distributed their pay .
There would be more after they had made their sale on the other side of the channel .
Kit lifted Myriah into the boat and pulled her along to the stern , and once again Captain Wimborne and his men were rowing into deep water .
One of the men grumbled that his arms and back were things of pain .
Young Bilkes laughed .
“ Ye old goat , stop looking like a dead crow , and maybe ye ’ll feel a might better . ” “ Wot sort of talk be that , young ’ n ? ”
Fry grumbled .
“ And if I ’ m not mistaken looks like the durned wind is about to start on wobblin ’ us , ” he said , staring up at the sky with his one eye .
“ You sound like an old woman , Fry , ” one of the Winchelsea lads , a spry fellow ready for a bit of sport , bellowed .
“ Old woman ?
Why ye wait , ye daft child .
Ye ’ll lose ye sweet face for that priggly remark ! ”
They all laughed and continued their firm , steady strokes , but Myriah watched Kit ’s face as he stared up at the growing stormy sky .
She pulled on his cutaway coat and asked , “ What is it , Kit , what ’s wrong ? ” “ I do n’t like the scudding clouds . ”
He stood up and began shouting affably .
“ All right , my fine , able buckos , let ’s move , on the count .
Just look at the tail of that maid — she ’s swimming just a touch away … after her , boys . ”
The boat , loaded down with its weight of brandy , splashed through the growing waves , and though the mood was light as the men rowed and jested , Kit continued to frown .
“ If a gale comes on us , m ’ lord — then wot ? ” asked one .
“ Hold yer fiendish tongue , boy .
Gale … yer fool , ai n’t no gales in May ! ”
Fry cut in to answer him .
A few of the men broke into mirth .
They pushed on , putting the miles behind them , and made long tracks through the water , slicing their way home .
They prided themselves on their ability — the ability of arriving at their prescribed destination at the time they had stipulated .
The land smugglers , a group of professional head - beaters , armed with bats lest any landsguard had the foolish intent to try and deter them , would be waiting with their lanterns and their horses to carry the cargo away … and the Wimborne crew were determined to be there on time !
“ I do like the sea I do , but you , Fletcher …
I do n’t think you do at all , ” Bilkes said , suddenly breaking the quiet , “ but in truth I ’ll be more than happy to be grounded a bit . ”
Fletcher was n’t much for words , but he did grunt approvingly to this .
“ ’ Tis a lot o ’ trouble for jest a wee bit , of pleasurin ’ , ” another said .
“ Lordy , but it do put bread on the table better than any other way I know . ”
The tubs of brandy rolled in their confines , and the men picked up a tune to its beat .
The wind seemed to join in , and the music played in their heads as they stroked through the dark blue in harmony .
The salt spray splashed at their faces , and they were laughing at each other and themselves when suddenly Fletcher pointed silently and Fry hissed , “ Wet ’s that ? ”
Myriah pressed herself against Kit ’s leg , a sudden fear clutching at her heart , for she knew .
“ Look lively , lads … we ’re in for a run , now ! ”
Kit shouted , oaring with determination .
“ Did they see us , m ’ lord ? ”
Fletcher asked .
“ No , they have n’t spotted us yet , but it ’s a cutter all right , and a swift sea vessel , she is , for she is the Swallow ! ”
A sea mist hung about in foaming clusters , and the men idled their oars quietly , their hearts in their throats , watching as the cutter passed .
Her lanterns , glowing red in the night , looked like the eyes of a creature from hell , and no man made a sound as they waited for the demonic vision to continue on its way .
The cutter was but thirty yards away , and they saw the tall sails white against the black sky .
Each man prayed to himself they would not be spotted .
Luck was on their side , for the cloudy , stormy sky had obscured the moon …
She passed , and it was like the breath of new life .
They waited still , for none would move without Kit ’s command , and it came softly , firmly , “ Swiftly now , m ’ fine buckos … swiftly .
There ’s no time to lose , for she ’ll soon turn and head inland . ”
They were headed for a short , sandy beach off the village where they would be met by a band of land smugglers who would relieve them of their burden , pay them for their trouble , and allow them to continue home .
Myriah raised her head , and Kit chuckled softly at her wide - eyed , open look .
He bent to whisper , “ You look like a veritable kitten — all wonder .
Now put your head down low — one never knows when one might be shot at . ” “ But , Kit … ” “ Get down and stay down . ”
He laughed and flicked her nose , and then he pointed .
“ There it is — there boys ! ”
Myriah saw the flash of a blue light they needed to find they landing channel and heard Fletcher mumble , “ Aye , she shines steady — safe enough , m ’ lord ! ”
She squinted and was able to make out the dark line that designated the stretch of narrow , flat shore .
Kit ordered a man to light their own lantern .
The lights answered each other , and then they approached the pebbles of the beach .
Two dozen men appeared and ran out from behind rocks and trees .
Another six men who led horses and wagons , appeared on the scene , and then another four , carrying wooden bats , followed .
Myriah watched as Kit and his men jumped out of the galley , and he wagged a finger at her and told her to stay put .
She decided to stay out of the way in the dark for the moment and watched Kit as he sidled over to a grisly - looking man holding a lantern .
Myriah could see that something , she supposed money , was exchanged .
Then all at once men seemed to surround the galley .
Kit returned to her , picked her up in his arms , and without speaking set her on a nearby rock before returning to supervise the unloading .
Myriah was fascinated with the speed of their work and so engrossed she did n’t see the glittering eyes of a boy bending towards her .
She felt her hair touched and turned suddenly .
With a scream she cringed backwards , scaring the addle - brained fellow who had played with her hair .
Kit was there and between her and the frightened youth in a moment , but pity rather than anger swept through Myriah when she had a good look at him .
The lad , no more than fifteen , dirty , ragged , with large , terrified eyes , jumped about , moving his hands agitatedly in the air as he cried , “ I meant no harm … no harm … pretty hair … ”
A tall , wiry man appeared out of the darkness and put his arm about the boy ’s shoulders , his own head held high as he spoke .
“ ’ Ere now , m ’ lord — begging yer pardon .
The lad meant nothing .
He be but a half - wit .
He ca n’t ’ elp ’ imself , and he be always doing wot he should n’t .
’ Tis m ’ fault if fault is to be laid .
I should ’ve been watching ’ im . ” “ Oh , please , ” Myriah said at once , “ I am not angry at all .
I was merely startled . ”
Kit patted the lad ’s father on his shoulder .
“ Never mind … ”
Then he chucked the boy ’s chin and turned to take Myriah up cradle - like , holding her like a babe .
“ Tis time we moved . ” “ I do have legs , and they are well able to carry me , ” Myriah said , objecting to this handling .
“ I am sure , but we want no more incidents tonight . ” “ Oh , and I suppose that was my fault ? ”
He laughed amiably .
“ In truth , yes , for you are far too beautiful to be left amongst a pack of devils .
Now in with you , love , ” he said and deposited her in her place before hopping in after her .
Lord Wimborne ’s crew shoved their galley into deeper water , scrambled back into the boat , and picked up their oars .
Without so much as a backward look , they began the business of rowing .
Myriah looked back , though — she watched until the last landsman was out of sight .
It occurred to her that those men were far different from the men who rowed Kit ’s galley .
“ Kit ? ” “ Yes , sweetings ? ” “ Those men — the ones that took the brandy — are a very bad lot , I think . ” “ Yes , love … but what makes you say so ? ” “ There was a cruelty in their jests with one another , and they looked ready to bludgeon anyone in their way — there was a certain manner about them and the way they held their bats . ”
He said nothing to this , and Myriah quieted into thought .
It was really amazing how quickly the galley had been emptied .
Just a short while ago the boat had held some thirty tubs of brandy , and now it was almost as if she had dreamt it all .
Tired , she snuggled against Kit ’s firm leg and closed her eyes .
They had been out now some eight hours , and there was still another twenty minutes to travel the shoreline to Rye harbor .


* * * Kit glanced down at her face and for a moment was overcome with the sensation he felt .
He loved her — how he loved her … and when did that happen ?
Probably the first time ever he clapped eyes on her .
However , the peace and beauty of the moment were suddenly shattered by the blast of fire in the air .
A shot tore through the atmosphere and reminded them that they still were not safely home .
They had money in their pockets that still could be taken …
Myriah awoke with a start and felt herself squeezed between Kit ’s legs , for he did not wish for her to get up .
“ Heads low , lads .
It ’s to the marshes — we will lose the cutter in the marshes . ”
He bent in towards his crew to speak in a low and commanding tone .
“ ’ T’ will be a whale chasing an eel , so heave , lads — our lives depend upon it . ”
She was a swift vessel , the Swallow , and she was upon them in a moment .
Her guns hissed out into the night air and warned told them death was near .
Lord Wimborne ’s crew forgot their aches as they rowed harder than they had all night .
A stranger ’s voice slashed through the blackness of the night , commanding them to halt , but their little galley sliced its way to safety and then the vessel at their backs could go no farther , for the canal they traveled drained into the marshes where only a small galley could thread its way through .
They turned into the waterway , which was as narrow as it was shallow .
Myriah felt the sides of the boat brush against the grassy walls of the dike , and she looked up into Kit ’s face , alight in the overshadowed moonlight and lined with concern .
They had escaped the cutter , but he was still worried , Myriah thought .
She could see by the tense way in which he held himself .
What more could there be if they escaped the cutter ?
The beating of her heart had her gasping for air , and the exhaustion she felt left her as adrenalin pumped through her veins .
The boat moved solidly through the causeway , forking , circling with the winding movements of the dike , and then she saw the little arched bridge that marked Wimborne lands .
Her joy burst from her lips .
“ Oh , Kit , we are home — we are really nearly home ! ” “ Not yet , my love — and I have the unshakable feeling that it is not over just yet . ”
There it was again — the unmistakable sound of gunfire in the wind .
Myriah winced and listened , and like the men in the galley with her , she heard them .
Dragoons had spotted them , even in the dim light … and their horses were trampling through weeds and marsh to get at them .
Myriah heard Corporal Stone ’s voice and realized how close they really were .
Faith , he was a determined man .
He must have waited all night for their return .
No doubt he had planted himself and his men at the head of the dike .
“ Can … can he actually see us ? ” she asked Kit .
“ Hurry , lads , ” Kit whispered .
He then touched her face .
“ Not really , but he can hear the galley trudging through the marsh .
We might be taking a swim tonight . ”
Just as Kit said this , she felt the vines and driftwood parting all around .
Suddenly they were in total darkness .
They were in the cavern , and the silence as they waited blasted through her ears .
She heard herself breathe and put a hand to her heart , sure that everyone could hear its pounding .
They waited , no one looking at the other , for all eyes were turned to the cavern ceiling above them .
Myriah heard the water lap at the boat and wondered if the dragoons would be able to hear and recognize the sound .
“ Fiend seize you stupid brutes ! ”
Stone shouted at his men just above their cavern .
They heard the trampling of horses above their heads .
They heard the shouting and the retreating as the dragoons scurried up and down along the dike , searching for the galley , and the gentlemen waited .
Twenty minutes might be thought to be a short space of time , but to the crew in the cavern , whose lives hung in the wind , it was damnably long .
At last , the silence was undeniable , and Kit lit a lantern that was set on the cavern wall .
Myriah saw a wooden ladder hanging against the moss - covered wall that led to the ceiling above .
“ Right then , lads , ” Kit quietly said , grinning , “ We have come through but we will have to swim home .
No sense risking coming up through here — so boots off and into the water with you .
My promises still hold — so wait for my word early next week ! ”
He watched his men as they grumbled quietly to themselves and slumped over into the water , making the brackish wetness spray all about .
Kit turned to Myriah .
“ Now you , love , I am afraid you are in for another swim today , but I ’ll set you before the fire and see to you at home . ” “ Well , as to that , I think it was yesterday I took that swim .
I was due for another . ”
Myriah laughed .
She slipped off his cloak and her boots and tied the laces carefully together before slinging them round her neck .
He picked her up and eased her into the cold water , and she screeched quietly to herself .
His lordship left his boots in the galley for future retrieving .
He doused the light and was in beside Myriah a moment later .
They swam , and waded , and swam with slow , quiet breaststrokes until they were out of the cavern ’s darkness and making their way downstream .
“ Are you all right , my love ? ” “ ’ Tis not so very bad in the water — but , Kit , when we get out , we shall freeze .
I left your cloak in the galley … does it matter ? ” “ My cloak ?
Dash it , girl — how could you when it needed a washing ! ”
Kit teased .
She giggled , and they continued to swim until she could see the arched bridge above them .
They made their way towards the embankment , and Kit scrambled into position as he turned and helped pull her out .
She stopped only long enough to put on her slippers but grimaced at them for she knew they would soon be ruined .
The breeze was uncomfortable as it hit their wet bodies , and they ran the distance across the meadow until Myriah pulled away from his hold and bent over her knees .
She sucked in air , and he touched her shoulder .
“ Myriah … ? ”
She heard the concern in his voice and waved it off as she nodded and returned her hand into his .
The wet gown weighed her down and made it difficult , but she managed to jog along with him to the dirt pathway that led toward the Wimborne Drive .
They passed the stables , where Fletcher , wrapped in a blanket , met them at the open entrance , nodded , and turned to make his way to his quarters above the barn .
Myriah smiled to herself , sure that Tabby would have endless questions for her in the morning .
Goodness , it was morning !
Finally they were standing dripping in the center hallway of Wimborne Towers .
They turned , saw each other , and laughed .
“ Eh ! ”
Billy shouted from above stairs .
“ Kit , Myriah — Kit ? ” “ Yes , Billy — hold a moment , ” Kit said , taking Myriah ’s hand and leading her up the stairs to Billy ’s room .
They arrived in young Wimborne ’s room and stood there sopping wet , looking ridiculous while Billy took one long look at them and burst out laughing .
He attempted to speak , pointed instead , and went off into another peal .
“ Go take a damper ! ”
Myriah snapped good - naturedly and then turned to Kit .
“ I ’ m going to get out of these wet clothes . ”
Kit outmaneuvered her and rushed to her room before her , a wicked grin on his face , “ Where do you think you are going , my lord ? ” she asked .
“ To your room , my love , ” he said whimsically .
“ To er … light your fire ” She sucked in her breath and trembled .
She could not help but see Billy in the background , a grin taking over his face .
A moment later , Kit was turning her to face him and making good on his words .
With deft skill he had her sopping clothes torn and off her body .
She murmured a complaint , and he whispered , “ There are some gowns in the attic … we ’ll make do … ”
His lips traveled down her neckline and then back up to her face , her chin , and finally her mouth .
He parted her lips , and his tongue played a staccato tune with hers , teasing , cajoling , taking …
She reached for his breeches and found they were already undone , but he stepped back to throw off his wet cutaway and shirt , and she helped pull down his breeches .
This time , she stood away and stared .
“ You are beautiful , ” she whispered .
He snorted .
“ The word is handsome ! ” “ Looking at you here and now … ’ tis not enough , you are more … ”
He picked her up and placed her on the bed .
He turned her on her belly and started massaging her neck , her shoulders , her back , and then her ass .
He worked her butt until she started to lift off the bed and say his name .
He put his finger to her clit and teased until she pushed back at him , and then he discovered that his cock was taking over , dispelling any clear thought , and screaming her name .
He rubbed it all over her ass and said on a hushed note , “ Ask for it , beauty … tell me what you want . ” “ You know what I want — what do you want ? ” “ I damn well want to fuck you . ”
He felt as feral as he sounded , as primal as the action when he shoved himself inside her with a pure groan of ecstasy .


~ Eleven ~


“ SO THERE YOU have it , Billy , ” Kit said , leaning back against the hard wood chair and sipping his coffee in a happy and leisurely fashion .
“ Yes , indeed — there I have it !
Damn — of all the paltry things to say , Kit . ”
Billy snorted disgustedly as he shook his head .
Kit laughed .
“ Now what ?
Lord , but you ’re pesky lad . ” “ Pesky … ?
Here I sit … while you go off and have the most splendid adventure of them all — chased by the Swallow herself !
Dragoons all over the place … why , I ’d have given almost anything to have been in it , ” Billy said sincerely .
Kit chuckled .
“ Young scamp . ”
He looked at the mantel - clock .
The hour was well past ten , and Myriah was not back yet from her walk .
He found that he missed her … wanted her near .
He said , as much to himself as to Billy , “ She is taking an awfully long walk . ” “ Devil a bit — she loves walking . ”
He sighed .
“ Did n’t I tell you Kit , that one is pluck to the backbone ?
Said it was her orders I stay in bed , and Tabby made sure of that , more afraid of her than of me .
Imagine , Kit . ”
Billy chuckled .
He wanted to see her — be near her … touch her .
Last night he had made love to her until they fell asleep , and she had kissed him as she got out of bed to go wash , saying she needed a walk .
He ’d been waiting for her to get back , wanting to tell her how he felt … wanting to get down on one knee .
He said as he got up , “ Damnation , Billy , she should be back . ” “ Lord , you are in a fidget . ”
Billy grinned .
“ Why do n’t you just go meet her ? ”
He watched his brother with keen eyes .
“ Confound it ! ”
Kit exclaimed , suddenly breaking into a determined stride .
“ I think I will go find her ! ”
He took a walk that led him past the stables .
Fletcher was there , and he asked , “ Have you seen Miss White , Fletcher ? ” “ Aye .
She and Tabson left almost two hours ago … seemed to be in a hurry . ”
A sickly sensation swept through him .
He knew her real name was not Miss White .
He knew that Myriah had secrets .
Would she have left … could she have left him … was their night together a good - bye ?
He recalled now how she looked at him this morning and touched his face .
He had thought it strange at the time and had held her hand , asking , “ What ? ” “ I want this memory always … ” “ You can have more than memory , sweet . ”
She had laughed and once more turned to look at him .
He pulled himself up and stared at Fletcher .
“ Which way did they go ? ” “ Aye then , they took the Post Road … away from Rye , and Oi only know that cuz Miss … she was cryin ’ , and it set me to thinkin ’ they was leaving … her and Tabby … so Oi cut through the pasture , Oi did , jest to have a look which way they would go . ”
Kit Wimborne knew one thing : he did n’t want to live without her .
Why had n’t he told her last night how he felt , told her the truth about the smuggling ?
Was that why she left ?
Was it because of the man , Sir Roland ?
Did he have something to do with this ?
What was her connection with him ?
As though fate had decided to give him an answer , Sir Roland himself appeared .
The man slowly walked his horse up the drive and stopped to nod and ask , “ Is Lady Myriah up at the house ? ” “ Lady Myriah ? ”
Kit felt as though someone had smacked him .
Why had n’t he seen it ?
“ No … no , she is not . ” “ I have an appointment with her .
Could you direct me to her ? ”
Sir Roland asked , looking wary .
“ Even if I could I would not , ” Kit retorted irritably .
“ What business do you have with her ? ” “ She is my fiancé … we had a bit of a row , but we were leaving today .
I am escorting her back to London before a scandal breaks out about her … questionable activities here at Wimborne . ”
Kit said , almost under his breath , “ She would n’t go with you . ” “ She does n’t have a choice .
She will be ruined otherwise . ”
There was a hard note in Roland ’s tone .
Kit ’s thoughts smacked one another .
She had run away again .
Where would she go ?
“ I am telling you the truth .
Lady Myriah and her groom left us , and I have no notion of her direction . ” “ If you are lying to me , Lord Wimborne , it will not go well for you or Myriah ! ”
Sir Roland hissed as he turned his horse and left Kit staring after him .
“ That one be trouble fer sure , ” Fletcher said quietly .
“ Aye … he must have been the one her father insisted she marry … the one she was running from , my poor girl .
Fletcher , I must find her .
Did Tabby give you any clues … ever let anything slip ? ” “ Aye then , m ’ lord .
Tabby thought ye might be wishful a knowin ’ that she has a grand - dad not too far from ’ ere . ”
Kit suddenly brightened and rushed off , telling his man over his shoulder to saddle up his horse .
* * * Myriah stood in the central hall , still in her ruined blue velvet riding habit .
She fingered the yellow daffodils in the vase set on the round table , and silent tear after tear appeared .
Her grandfather , his arms outstretched , appeared first , rushing down the main staircase of Guildford House , saying her name .
Just as he reached her , her father opened the door off the central hall and said , “ What are you going on about … did you call — ” He stopped short when he saw his daughter , and both men converged on her .
It took much tears and hugging before they were all composed sufficiently to pull her along to the library and sit her down .
Myriah played with the matching pillow of the gold brocade sofa she occupied and then looked up at the two men staring questioningly at her .
“ There is … something … an urgent matter we must discuss immediately … ” “ We will make it all better , Myriah … where have you been ?
What have you been doing ? ” “ I … oh , Papa …
I have been so very bad … ”
And with that , she burst into tears .
Cajoling and cuddling ensured until the Guildford butler announced the arrival of Sir Roland .


* * * Kit slammed the front doors closed with a resonance that shook the floors above .
He crossed the hall , found the library doors , and gave them a powerful blow , but then he stood in the opening as he went into deep thought .
A moment later he was taking the stairs two by two to his brother ’s room .
“ You know more than you let on .
Myriah has confided in you … so tell me … ” “ She told you , sort of … she does n’t want to marry this brute , but he threatened her , and she had to go meet him , and I tell you what , Kit , I think she is more worried about him exposing us … than ruining her with scandal , ” Billy said .
“ Aye … he was just here and she is gone . ” “ Right then , she must have gone off to her grandfather ’s … said he lived not far down the road . ” “ I ’ m off , Billy , for I mean to find her and make it right . ” “ Good — what the deuce are you waiting for ? ”


* * * Roland regarded Lord Whitney sourly before he sighed and said , “ I regret , my lord , that your daughter has placed herself in a scandalous position from which I can see only one escape .
We must immediately wed — before the rumors start . ” “ And what scandalous position are you talking about ? ” stuck in Lord Guildford irritably .
“ Apparently Myriah has been staying with Lord Wimborne and his brother , alone at Wimborne without the benefit of a chaperone of any sort . ”
Father and grandfather turned to look at Myriah , who felt herself blush darkly , but she stood up and waved a hand at Roland .
“ He is a cad and will ruin me if I do n’t marry him , but , Father …
I do n’t wish to marry him .
I will to save you disgrace , but only for you and Grandfather . ” “ Nonsense , what can he mean , saying you were alone , when Lady Tallant was with you the entire time ? ”
Lord Guilford said .
Myriah turned stunned eyes to him , but he looked cool and unshakeable and she said nothing .
She turned back and saw Roland was about to lose his temper .
“ I see what it is … but , in addition to that , the Wimborne men are smugglers , and I will expose them to Corporal Stone if Myriah does n’t marry me . ” “ Then expose them .
If they are smugglers , so you must , ” Myriah ’s father said impatiently .
“ I would not allow my daughter to marry you if you were the last man on earth .
How dare you run her to ground like this ?
No wonder she ran away from the idea of marriage with you . ”
Sir Roland was red - faced and furious .
“ Very well then , my lord , I bid you good - day and it will ” — he turned to Myriah — “ give me great pleasure to turn in the Wimbornes , scoundrels that they are ! ” “ No … no ! ”
Myriah turned to her father and clutched his lapels .
“ Papa …
I have to marry him …
I ca n’t let him do that to Kit and Billy …
I ca n’t ! ” “ Absolutely not — scoundrels , you say ?
Ha !
If my daughter would rather marry you than let you hurt them , they could not be anything of the sort , and I will see your name dragged through the mud if you — ” “ My lord , ” a cool , authoritative voice said from the library doorway .
Myriah turned to see a tall , muscular man , dressed in navy riding attire , his hat in his hand and his wavy , honey - colored hair framing his handsome face , standing there taking command , and her heart melted .
She ran to him , and they clutched one another ’s hands .
“ Kit …
Kit you should not be here … he … he means you harm . ” “ I know , beloved … but he ca n’t have his way , not today . ”
Lord Wimborne turned to Myriah ’s father , ignoring the spluttering Sir Roland , and said , “ If I may have a word with you ” — he nodded also at Myriah ’s grandfather — “ and you , my Lord Guildford , in private … ” “ No !
I shall not be shut out of this , ” Myriah declared .
Kit laughed .
“ No , and I do n’t suppose you should be . ”
He turned to Sir Roland and sighed .
“ And on second thought , he might as well stay as well . ” “ For what … what are you talking about ? ”
Myriah frowned as he took her hand to his lips , led her to a ladies chair , and saw her seated .
Kit dropped his greatcoat , hat , and gloves on another chair and turned to her father and grandfather , ignoring Sir Roland .
“ Myriah is under the impression … indeed , it was the picture we painted , that we are smugglers .
However , we are not , far from it , in fact . ” “ What … impossible …
I was with you …
I saw … ” “ You saw a façade .
You see , when I sold out and returned home to care for Wimborne I found poor management had left it looking as though we were in debt .
We were not .
However , I allowed it to be circulated that we were , as I used this as a cover .
Smuggling , you see , was an excellent disguise whilst we got our messages to and from France . ” “ You are a spy . ”
Myriah almost whistled .
“ He is lying !
He is a smuggler , I know it ! ”
Sir Roland spluttered .
“ But if you were working for the Crown , why did they shoot Billy ? ”
Myriah persisted .
“ Precisely why I made up my mind it was time to pull out .
The war is near its end , and seven years of my life and a year of Billy ’s is quite enough for the Wimbornes . ” “ Yes , but I do n’t understand … ” “ The problem was this .
The Regent could only promise that if we were caught our names would be cleared … eventually .
However , he had no way of keeping us from being shot during the process .
We could n’t take the excisemen and Riding Officers into our confidence because leaks do happen — many because the gentlemen slip a coin or two to one or two for information .
Too much depended on the secrecy of the mission .
It had to appear as though we were merely smugglers and nothing more .
The men were in fact paid from the profits we derived . ” “ But then , who was Dibbs ? ”
Myriah asked , still amazed .
“ He worked in the capacity of go - between .
I had gone to London as usual and received the papers they wanted delivered to our agent in France , who by the way is a personal friend — we fought together in Spain .
However , they had one last - minute item they wished to have delivered .
Dibbs brought it and received the news from me that I would make no more trips .
By now , I have been replaced . ” “ Replaced ? ”
Roland expostulated .
“ You should be hanged — a confessed smuggler doing it up brown with your wild tales ! ” “ Contrary to popular opinion , ” Ignoring Roland , Kit continued , “ the Wimborne estates are intact . ”
He turned to Sir Roland and said , “ You have no business here .
However , do stay . ”
Sir Roland started to object when Kit waved him off and turned to Myriah ’s father .
“ Lord Whitney , I would like your blessings and permission to marry your daughter , but make no mistake , marry her I will . ” “ You have my blessings and my permission , but as to the rest , it is up to Myriah … ”
Myriah was already diving into Kit ’s arms , and her grandfather and father turned to one another and shook hands .
Kit , however , turned back to Sir Roland and said quietly , “ I understand your position in this … and have made a decision . ”
He took out a card from his inner pocket and handed it to Roland .
“ Send your collection of debts to me , and my man will attend to them .
That should leave you free to set your estates in order and marry where you will . ” “ My debts are substantial , ” Roland said stiffly .
“ I am sure , and my pockets are deep . ” “ Why ? ” “ I have learned a thing or two in war .
Desperate men do desperate things . ”
He sighed and added , “ Just send me the papers . ”
Roland inclined his head , but apparently he could not at that moment find any words , for he then rigidly turned and walked out .
Kit turned to Myriah and softly whispered , “ Would you have married me even though you thought me a smuggler ? ” “ I would have done all I could to stop your evil work . ”
She giggled .
“ But I would have married you were you the King of Smugglers himself ! ”
He grinned broadly and kissed her lips .
“ Then order your gown … and , Myriah , make it soon … for I wo n’t be kept from you long … ” “ You wo n’t be kept from me at all , ” she peeped at him impishly .
And all three of her men threw back their heads and roared !


DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT TO SIR ROLAND KEYES ?


PREORDER : MISS LACEY


An unedited excerpt :


A neat black carriage emblazoned with the owner ’s coat of arms was swiftly tooled around a tricky bend in the road .
There was scarcely any moonlight breaking through the heavy sky .
Clouds scudded , their texture promising spring showers .
The coach ’s occupant had reason to leave London in haste , quite excellent reasons indeed , and therefore urged his driver onward in spite of the threatening weather .
Sir Roland Keyes had that very day sustained some damaging losses .
The elfin woman he had courted all season for her beauty and her fortune had rejected him .
Damn , but what a rejection !
It had been enough to remember for all time .
Ruefully he recalled the way in which Myriah had turned him away .
He had nearly had her for his own , but then Kit Wimborne entered the scene and all was over .
To be sure , he had behaved the cad in the end and deserved no better than he received , but he had been desperate .
Ah , what a blow , what humiliation !
He had left Myriah in the arms of the dratted Kit Wimborne and returned to London to find his creditors at his door .
Fiend seize their souls !
He needed time , just a bit more time to come about .
He had managed to stave off some of them with the winnings of a horse that had come in for him that very day , but the others … ?
Well , the only thing left was for him to absent himself .
The future ?
It looked black , but , he had looked into himself and decided he would never behave so badly ever again .
Dire straits had made him a scoundrel .
No more .
He owed it to his tenants to bring things about , and damn , but he would !
Myriah had touched his heart .
His time with her , wanting her , though he had not been in love with her , had changed him .
She was a spirited soul and he had imagined that they could have been friends if she had accepted to marry him .
Ah well , that was not to be .
Thus , with his heart very much intact , he made his way up north .
Nottingham was his objective .
There , he would be near his own estates , just ten miles away , but he would hide out with his good friend , the viscount .
He was a few years older , but that had not interfered with their youthful friendship .
Indeed , Bussingham would suit him now and until he could repair his financial situation .
Also … he had heard there was a notable heiress in Nottingham .
Perhaps … ah bah , there it was again !
He did not really wish to go that road , but what choice did he have ?


* * * * *


A lone rider , not overly distinguished in appearance and , in fact , bearing the overall impression of a youth , schooled a high spirited black gelding over the dark North Road .
In a straw basket padded with a small knit blanket , secured to the side of her saddle , lay a trusting toy poodle .
It barked as its owner suddenly gave a right lead and scooted off into a controlled canter .
Lacey ’s instincts had been tickling her for the past fifteen minutes .
She was certain she was not alone on the dark road .
Someone was watching … following her !
Why ?
What would anyone want with an indigent lad , and that was just how she was disguised .
In boy ’s clothing !
She had donned a weathered peaked hat , one she had purchased from her young groom .
She had tucked her short cropped head of copper curls inside her hat , and put the total picture together with her groom ’s torn buckskin short coat , and loose britches .
The riding boots were her own .
The disguise was a precaution for her long trip north .
No one , she guessed , would want anything to do with a poor boy .
At the back of her saddle , resting on her horse ’s rump was her neatly packed portmanteau .
In her hessian boot was a fat wad of cash , and at her waist , a small ladies pistol .
She fingered it now .
It would be foolhardy to take on more speed in the dark .
The roads were unfamiliar .
But the more time that went by , the more certain she became that someone was following her .
She had not long to concern herself about this , for suddenly , out of the thicket , came two dark riders .


You can get your preorder at all sites .


ShadowLove — Stalkers is hot , Hot , HOT Avid vampire and paranormal romance enthusiasts are in for a darkly delicious thrill when they sink their teeth into Claudy Conn ’s newest series , ShadowLove — Stalkers .
Conn has a gift for character and plot development that sets her work apart from other romance novelists .
ShadowLove — Stalkers is filled with steaming action and dramatic tension …
Claudy delicately plants the seeds for future development and characters without distracting from the excitement and romance of Stalkers .
The result is that she has a paranormal , vampire series , of romance novels , which carries her own unique and spicy aroma .
Claudy fills her stories with enough passion to make the pages spark , sizzle , and steam .
She does n’t skimp when it comes to building sexy into her characters .
The women are luscious and the men … well , the action does n’t stop with the plot .
She really knows how to make us tingle with anticipation for her next book .
ShadowLove — Stalkers is hot , Hot , HOT … and yes , I am blushing . ~ Vonnie Faroqui , Ink Slinger ’s Whimsey


Five Cups and a CTTR ( Coffee Time Reviewer ’s Recommend ) Award ShadowLove — Stalkers is a story that immediately hooks the reader .
It reminds me of a roller coaster just beginning , only to plunge into speed , drawing the reader into non - stop action .
Intense and spellbinding , this paranormal romance kept this reader engrossed until the conclusion .
I loved the passion and chemistry between the main characters .
With tremendous action and well thought out characters , this fantastic read sizzles and sparks like a firecracker . ~ Coffee Time Romance & More


Five Stars for ShadowHeart — Slayer This second in Conn ’s Shadow series is filled with vampires , a vampire slayer , demons , wizards , a Fae prince and an unlikely romance .
Claudy Conn does an excellent job of making this a standalone story while incorporating some of the characters from the first book and introducing us to several new characters .
The war is still brewing and now the fae are becoming involved .
Ca n’t wait for the next book in the series .
This is another one I could n’t put down and read in a single sitting .
I got so caught up in the action I was sad to see it end .
Fans of the paranormal romance , urban fantasy and vampire genres should enjoy this as well . ~ Wild About Bones


Acclaim for the Legend Series


Spellbound — Legend : One hot and thrilling book I fell for all three of the main characters , fun loving Maxie , dark and brooding Julian , and one hot Fae , Breslyn .
However , it was n’t just the characters that kept me on the edge of my seat , it was the entire involved plot that included jealously , betrayal , magic , murder , and , of course , hot passion …
Like all good thrillers , it seemed as one problem was solved another would spring up .
The last few pages had me hoping that this is the first of a new series that will be worth each torturous wait for the next book .
The well - written out mixture of myth and legend , not to mention the characters , all in today ’s world has me Joyfully Recommending Spellbound — Legend as one book you wo n’t want to miss . ~ Jo , Joyfully Reviewed


Shee Willow — Legend : A great combination of paranormal , scorching romance , and suspense !
Ms .
Conn again brings readers a different side of lore and allure surrounding the Fae .
Willow and Shayne ’s storyline was magical , in the sense that you knew something greater , deeper was in store for them .
Then add Breslyn , the Dagda Prince , childhood crush of Willow , into the mix … just get comfy , because you are in for a heck of a rollercoaster …
Thankfully , another title will be released soon .
I can not wait until the simmering conflict between the Seelie Fae and Unseelie Fae reaches its boiling point ! ~ Monica Solomon , The Romance Readers Connection


Free Falling — Legend : I loved this story !
There is so much chemistry between Z and Dante and Chancemont just oozes sex appeal .
I am chomping at the bit to read the second and third books in this series . ~ Wild About Bones







* Introduction Introduction { { { 1 # [ Introduction ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


The most powerful story we tell is the story we tell to ourselves about our self .


In my youth , my story was based on my experience .
In gym class , I was always the last one picked for teams .
“ Who will take Larry ? ” the gym teacher would ask .
Girls told me , “ I just want to be friends , ” but I wanted to be more than friends .
My marks in school were not impressive .
I passed , but that was about it .


After I dropped out of school at sixteen , I left home and got a job .
Things seemed better at first .
My jobs would seem interesting and fun at the beginning , but they soon became drudgery .
And the pay did n’t support much of a lifestyle .
I might have accepted that if I could have seen a future , but I could n’t .


The problem was : I was an expert on who I was not , but I did n’t have a clue who I was .
My story about me was about who I was n’t and what I could n’t do .
The truth was that I felt sorry for myself .


Clearly , the story I was telling myself about me was holding me back .
What I needed was some perspective , and I got that perspective from reading the biographies of Anne Frank , Thomas Edison , and Benjamin Franklin .


My troubles were tiny compared to those of thirteen - year - old Anne Frank hiding in an attic from the Nazis .
Yet her response was , “ I do n’t think of all the misery , but of the beauty that remains , ” and , “ Where there ’s hope , there ’s life . ”


I began to have hope , too .


Some people said that Thomas Edison had failed more than any man who had ever lived .
Yet that was n’t how he saw it .
He said , “ I have n’t failed .
I have just found 10,000 ways that wo n’t work .
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up .
The most certain way to succeed is to try just one more time . ”


I began to see my mistakes and “ failures ” as learning experiences .


What amazed me about Benjamin Franklin was that he admitted his faults and then shared his plan for self - improvement .
He detailed how he ’d use a journal to monitor his progress and keep himself on track .


I began to keep a journal and to think about how I could improve myself .
The story I was telling myself about myself started to improve .
I decided to complete my high school education .


Every person in this collection inspires , by their response to challenges ( and some of them face incredible challenges ) , by their commitment to serving humanity , and by staying committed to their values .


I believe every person who reads these stories will be inspired .


* Foreword Foreword { { { 1 # [ Foreword ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


In my work as a teacher of students with learning challenges , I have myself learned much from my charges .
For example , I learned that many such students remain trusting and maintain the courage to keep on trying , receptive to a teacher ’s efforts to help them meet their challenges .
Other students , however , become discouraged and lose their trust in both their own competence and that of anyone else to assist them .
I realized that if educators did not do something to rebuild students ’ confidence and give them the means to overcome their difficulties , it mattered little if they learned literacy and numeracy skills while nevertheless remaining disempowered persons adrift without hope .


Larry Anderson went through different kinds of challenges in his early life , and was close to losing hope in himself and in his dreams .
But he found the means to become empowered , through reading , through dreaming , through the self - reflection writing journals required .
Thus , coming to understand the power of hope and belief in one ’s ability to take charge of one ’s life , Larry has committed himself to communicating this message .


Life is and always will be full of challenges , but the belief that they can be overcome with persistence , determination , and courage is essential to one ’s wellbeing .
Each person does have a contribution to make , and one ’s mindset determines whether that contribution is positive and effective or negligible and wasted .
By reading stories such as those in Inspiration to Live Your MAGIC ! ( TM ) , and recognizing the long and arduous journeys that often must be taken to pursue one ’s dream , personal reflection can inspire one to strive to reach their potential and live the best life possible .


_Judy Craig , Retired Teacher , Principal and_ _Administrator_


* Preface Preface { { { 1 # [ Preface ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


I wrote this book to keep a promise I made to a twelve - year - old boy in 1959 .


The young boy had only two memories of his biological father .
He remembered being beaten with a belt at six years of age because he would n’t drink his milk .
And he remembered his mother sobbing because of the abuse .


One day , when he was seven , his biological father was gone .
There was no explanation .
The boy did n’t care .


A few years later , his mother married another man , who became his stepfather and who later adopted the boy .
This man was kind and supportive , but he was an alcoholic .
Many nights , their tiny home was filled with screaming and arguing , usually about money and alcohol , which grew louder as the drinking continued .


_One such night in the middle of winter , the boy lay trembling in his bed in the open basement .
There were no curtains on the small windows and all around him the laundry was hanging on lines to dry .
A car passed by and the headlights shone through the windows , creating shadow monsters of the laundry .
The boy pulled the blankets over his head and retreated into his dreams .
That night , he made a promise to_ _himself : if he ever figured out how to make his dreams come true , he would share what he had learned with others . _


That young boy was me .
I had three dreams : to find a girlfriend and have a loving family ; to start my own business and make money ; and to travel the world .


At sixteen , I dropped out of school and left home , to escape the chaos and pursue my dreams .


At nineteen , I was a lonely , penniless , unemployed high school dropout , living in a basement room and clinging to the hope that my dreams could still come true .


In my early twenties , one profound insight changed the course of my life in an instant .
I realized my past did not have to define my future .
I began _the journey to live_ my _MAGIC_ !


At sixty - three , I ’ m living my dreams .
My wife Janet and I have been married for thirty - five years .
We have two wonderful adult children , Jennifer and Stephen .
I started my first business in 1974 , which became part of a business group in 1978 of which I ’ m president and CEO .


Janet and I are financially independent , and we travel six months a year .
We have visited every continent except Antarctica ( the Antarctic seas are too rough for Janet , but we waved to Antarctica from the Strait of Magellan as we passed the southern tip of South America ) .
This book is part of keeping the promise I made to the twelve - year - old me .


For over forty years , since I was nineteen , I have kept a journal .
These journals were sometimes ten - cent coil notebooks , sometimes leather hardcover volumes , but more typically were small , hardcover notebooks I would carry in my pocket .


In order to answer the question , “ How did I make my dreams come true ? ”
I have reviewed my journals five times , and the process of distilling the answer has taken ten years .


In the end , the answer has three parts : inspiration , wisdom , and the journey .
Together , these three parts show you how to live _your_ MAGIC !


I have written three books that together provide the answer :


_ \ - Inspiration to Live Your MAGIC ! 75 Inspiring Biographies_ ( which is this book )


\ - Wisdom to Live Your MAGIC !
Life Lessons from 50 Amazing Teachers


\ - The Journey to Live Your MAGIC !
Five Gifts , Five Choices , Six Tools


To publish these books and other media resources , I established a publishing company called LIAP Media Corp . LIAP Media Corp . is a social enterprise .
I receive no compensation , and one hundred percent of all royalties and profits will be donated to charity .


It is my new dream that these three books and other media resources will help you and others to live your dreams , through embarking on _The Journey to Live_ Your _MAGIC ! _


Larry Anderson , April 2011


* A.Y. Jackson A.Y. Jackson { { { 1


# [ A . Y . Jackson ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7e3dc90d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7e3dc90d . jpg )


# # # Once ridiculed by critics , Canadian painter A.Y. Jackson is now considered the pioneer of modern landscape art .
He is also the founder of the famous Canadian Group of Seven .


*


The first time A.Y. Jackson and his artist friends had a show of their paintings , critics called them “ the product of a deranged mind . ”
It ’s a good thing that Jackson believed in himself and his abilities ; otherwise , he might not have gone on to be one of the most successful and respected artists in Canadian history .


Alexander Young Jackson ( everyone called him A . Y . ) was born to a poor family in Montreal in 1882 .
His father abandoned them when he was young , and A.Y. had to go to work at age twelve to help support his brothers and sisters .


Working in a print shop , he became interested in art , and eventually he saved up enough money to travel and study in Europe .


After returning to Canada , he began to paint landscapes in a fresh new style .
Other young artists took notice , and A.Y. Jackson soon had a group of friends who not only loved to paint , but also aspired to change the traditional way in which landscapes were painted .


Jackson had faith in himself and his fellow artists ; he felt they could turn the art world on its head .
He and several other artists decided to try an unusual experiment .
Traveling by train , and living together in a boxcar as it rolled across northern Ontario , they painted everything they saw .


The “ Group of Seven , ” as they called themselves , put the results of the tour together to create an art show in Toronto in 1920 .
That was the show where the critics called the paintings “ art gone mad . ”


But this did not deter A . Y . ; he was convinced that the Group of Seven was on to something great .
He kept painting , traveling , and exhibiting , and although it took many years , his modern style started to catch on and his work became increasingly popular .


By the time he died in 1974 at the age of eighty - two , A.Y. Jackson was acknowledged as a painting genius and a pioneer of modern landscape art .
He and the other painters of the Group of Seven are among the most famous artists in Canadian history , with an entire museum and art gallery dedicated to their work .


Jackson could have chosen to listen to the critics and given up his bold new ideas , but he remained confident and followed his dream .


~ ~ ~


* Aaron Moser Aaron Moser { { { 1


# [ Aaron Moser ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5f321598 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5f321598 . jpg )


# # # After a serious accident not only ended Aaron Moser ’s junior hockey career but made him a quadriplegic , he created a research foundation dedicated to finding a cure for spinal cord injuries .


*


Some Canadian patriots get themselves a maple leaf tattoo .
Aaron Moser got two maple leafs built into his custom - made wheelchair - the one he used to help carry the Olympic torch .


It was an incredibly proud moment when Moser , who calls himself a “ super patriot , ” helped carry the torch around the arena at the opening of the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver .
It was also a tribute to him and his courage .


Aaron was only seventeen years old when tragedy struck during a 1998 local junior league hockey game in British Columbia .
He was checked into the boards , hit head first , and broke his neck .
Aaron ’s spinal cord was cut , leaving him a quadriplegic ; he has no feeling or movement below his chest .


For Aaron , who was such an athletic and active guy , it was a brutal blow .
For his family , it meant adapting their lives and their home to support him , and help him adjust to his new life .
It also meant extra expenses .


Aaron Moser ’s family , friends , and the entire community pulled together .
They set up a trust fund to cover the renovations , equipment , supplies , and other expenses .
Soon , the trust fund was swamped with donations - not just from people in the area who knew Aaron , but also from people throughout the world of hockey .


They were n’t just motivated by the tragedy ; they were inspired by the way the teenager handled the shocking change to his life .
Aaron refused to complain about his fate or to give up hope .
He kept insisting that he would work hard enough and long enough to walk again .


The trust fund and Moser ’s courage kept attracting donations .
After a while , there was enough money not only to help Aaron Moser , but also to set up a foundation in his name - a non - profit group dedicated to helping find a cure for him and others with spinal cord injuries .


Every year , Moser and dedicated volunteers run a golf tournament and other activities to raise money for spinal cord injury research .
As of this writing , they have brought in more than $ 400,000 .
And every year , they help researchers get a little closer to a cure .


As Moser always says , “ I have no doubt that one day I will walk again ! ”


~ ~ ~


* Abraham Lincoln Abraham Lincoln { { { 1


# [ Abraham Lincoln ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a126912 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a126912 . jpg )


# # # A lawyer and an advocate for making slavery illegal , Abraham Lincoln was president of the U.S. during the American Civil War that ended with the abolishment of slavery .


*


It ’s not always easy to do the right thing , especially when some people are threatening to kill you if you do n’t back down !


But Abraham Lincoln was the kind of person who stuck to his principles , no matter what .


Abe Lincoln was always known for “ doing the right thing . ”
His small store in Kentucky became the most popular in town because people knew they could trust him .
That ’s how he earned his nickname - “ Honest Abe . ”


All through his life , Lincoln valued integrity more than anything else .
He insisted that people who worked for him must be honest and fair .


Although he was born in poverty , Lincoln pulled himself up through life .
He studied at night to become a lawyer .
He was popular and well - liked enough to get into politics , and that ’s where Abe Lincoln ’s sense of what was right and wrong rose to the top .


Slavery was still legal in the United States , and Lincoln was one of many people who believed it was simply wrong .
He gave powerful speeches calling for an end to slavery .


The issue was threatening to tear the country apart by the time Lincoln was elected president .
The southern and northern states had opposing views on the subject and the U.S. Civil War began .


It was a long war with many casualties .
Soon , Lincoln was unpopular in many parts of the north ; in the south , he was simply hated .


Even after the northern forces won the war and Lincoln was president of the whole country again , many people in the south wished him dead .
That hatred only got worse when Lincoln kept his word and freed the slaves .
But even though he was getting death threats , Honest Abe stuck to his principles .


One night Lincoln went with his wife to watch a play .
At the theater , an actor who did n’t like Lincoln ’s politics shot and killed him .
It was a great shock to the nation .
The country had lost its strong but gentle leader .


That was more than 140 years ago , but Abraham Lincoln is still remembered as one of the greatest leaders in American history - the man who ended slavery in the United States by doing the right thing , no matter what the cost .


~ ~ ~


* Albert Schweitzer Albert Schweitzer { { { 1


# [ Albert Schweitzer ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5e9b787b . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5e9b787b . jpg )


# # # Albert Schweitzer became a doctor so he could devote the rest of his life to helping people who most needed help .
He also traveled the world , advocating for peace and “ reverence for life , ” and won the Nobel Peace Prize for his humanitarian work .


*


“ Do something wonderful with your life , ” said Albert Schweitzer .
“ People may imitate you ! ”


Dr . Schweitzer lived out those words , using his life to help untold thousands of people and to set an example that still inspires the world today .


As a child in the late 1800s , Albert Schweitzer showed an incredible talent for music .
By the time he was a young man , he was not only giving popular concerts on the pipe organ , he had become an acknowledged world expert on building organs , interpreting classical music , and making musical recordings .


He made a very good living with his music , but Schweitzer was also a deep thinker when it came to religion and living a good , worthwhile life .
He wrote influential books about Jesus Christ and Christian philosophy , and he decided that when he turned thirty years old , he would give up his career and devote the rest of his life to helping other people .


As planned , he quit working at age thirty and went back to school .
His family and friends thought he was crazy , but Schweitzer had decided to become a doctor .
He figured that was the best route to being able to help others in need .


After getting his medical degree , Dr . Schweitzer raised enough money by playing more concerts to set off for the poor African country of Gabon , where there was a critical shortage of medical care .
He and his wife traveled more than 300 kilometers up the Ogooué River and set up a makeshift hospital .


People came from hundreds of kilometers around to Dr . Schweitzer ’s little one - room medical miracle - the only hospital and doctor that most of them had ever seen .
He and his wife , Helene , worked themselves to exhaustion .
They were forced to stop when World War I broke out when , as Germans working in French territory , they were taken prisoner .


After the war , Dr . Schweitzer went back to Gabon , re - built the abandoned hospital , and resumed his free medical care for anyone who needed it .
For another forty years , until his death in 1963 , he spent most of his time in Gabon .
He spent the rest of his time traveling the world , raising money and encouraging other people to follow his example .


Albert Schweitzer was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1952 - not just for his hospital work , but also for his personal philosophy - “ Reverence for Life ” - that encouraged everyone to respect others and recognize their right to life .


~ ~ ~


* Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel { { { 1


# [ Alfred Nobel ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2bcc8183 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2bcc8183 . jpg )


# # # Can you imagine reading your own obituary in the newspaper ?
What would people say about you ?
Alfred Nobel got the chance to read his own death notice , and he did n’t like what he saw .


*


Alfred Nobel was a very wealthy and successful man .
He had become an expert in chemistry and invented three of the most commonly used explosives in the world - dynamite , gelignite ( used in mining ) and ballistite , which is still used as a rocket propellant today .


With the huge fortune he made from these inventions , Nobel bought an engineering company called Bofors and turned it into an arms manufacturer .
He made another enormous fortune designing cannons and guns and selling them around the world .


Then , in 1888 , Alfred ’s brother died while visiting France .
A French newspaper thought it was Alfred who had died and they published an obituary that began like this :


THE MERCHANT OF DEATH IS DEAD


Dr . Alfred Nobel , who became rich by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before , died yesterday … .


Alfred Nobel was shocked .
Was this what people thought of him ?
Was this the legacy he would leave to the world ?
That ’s when he decided to use his vast wealth to make a positive difference .


Nobel set up a foundation with $ 250 million dollars in funding .
Every year the foundation would consult the leading experts in the world and hand out prizes to people who had made great contributions to humanity .
There would be prizes for sciences , for literature , and for promoting peace .


Today the Nobel Prizes are probably the bestknown and most prestigious awards in the world .
They have been awarded to great scientists , authors and activists and helped draw attention to many outstanding works and worthy causes .


Nobel set up his foundation in 1895 : just in time to influence his own obituary .
He died only a year later .


The Nobel Prizes accomplished his wish ; they created a very different legacy for him than a reputation as “ The Merchant of Death . ”
He is not remembered as an explosives inventor or arms dealer , but as one of the greatest philanthropists of all time .


He is also a great example of how it is never too late to change your life and help make the world a better place .


~ ~ ~


* Alice Waters Alice Waters { { { 1


# [ Alice Waters ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5899f378 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5899f378 . jpg )


# # # Besides being a world - renowned chef and creator of the famous California restaurant Chez Panisse , Alice Waters runs a national campaign promoting organic food and healthy eating for children .


*


When famous people from Hollywood travel through Berkeley , California , there is only one place to eat : Chez Panisse .
It ’s been named the best restaurant in the United States , and one of the best in the entire world .


The creator of this remarkable eating - place is Alice Waters , who has been voted one of the top chefs on the planet , and is given credit for popularizing organic food in North America .


Waters actually set out to be a teacher , and was studying education in France when she discovered fine food and the fact that organic food , locally grown without chemicals , makes a huge difference in cooking .


Back home , while working as a teacher , she continued studying , cooking , and making delicious meals for friends . . . and their friends . . . and their friends ’ friends .
It was n’t long before she thought of opening a restaurant to serve her organic food to everyone .


Within a few years , Chez Panisse was a sensation , and Waters ’ ideas for fresh , healthy food spread to other restaurants , and then to supermarkets and kitchens across North America .
She changed the way that many people think about and prepare their food .


Some people might be satisfied with having legions of happy clients , a worldwide reputation , and a series of bestselling books .
Other people might have expanded into more restaurants , TV shows , and other ways of building on their wealth and fame - but not Alice Waters .
For her , the money and recognition are only tools ; it ’s how you use them that counts .


So , now that she has played a big role in making organic food popular and available , Waters has decided to make another difference in the world .
She is using her fame , experience , and knowledge for something else she strongly believes in - helping children .


That ’s why you ’ll see one of the world ’s best chefs going into schools to teach kids ( and their parents ) about healthy eating and organic food .
It ’s part of her national campaign to fight obesity and other health problems caused by bad eating habits that people develop when they are young .
Her dream is to help everyone enjoy a better quality of life through better eating .


So , in the end , Alice Waters is still following her dream of teaching and helping young people .


~ ~ ~


* Amelia Earhart Amelia Earhart { { { 1


# [ Amelia Earhart ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2967065b . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2967065b . jpg )


# # # A record - setting aviation pioneer and adventurer , Amelia Earhart was a celebrity and advocate for women ’s equality in the early 1900s .


*


Millie and Pidge were two unusual little girls .
Growing up in the 1860s in Kansas , their mother let them run wild like the neighborhood boys - something that just was n’t done in those days .
Millie and her sister became fearless tomboys : climbing trees , collecting bugs , and helping their uncle build a home - made ( and very dangerous ! ) wooden roller coaster .


Full of self - confidence , Amelia ( Millie ’s real name ) grew up determined to do something great with her life .
She just did n’t know what it was going to be .


One answer seemed to come during World War I , when Earhart visited her sister in Toronto and ended up volunteering as a nurse at a military hospital .
Right after the war , a worldwide flu pandemic killed millions of people in 1918 .
Earhart kept nursing but got sick herself , and spent nearly a year recovering in the hospital .


Then , something else happened in Toronto that changed Amelia Earhart ’s life .
She watched one of the first annual air shows at the famous Canadian National Exhibition .
The pilot of a biplane swooped down low and flew right over her head .
From that moment , she was hooked on airplanes .


Back home in Kansas , Earhart took her first airplane ride and announced that she was going to learn to fly .
Working every job she could get , Amelia saved up the money for lessons and became only the sixteenth woman in the world to get her international flying license .


Amelia Earhart became somewhat of a celebrity and set out to promote flying , especially for women .
Her fame skyrocketed after she became the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean , even though she was little more than a passenger .


After that , Earhart started setting her own records .
She became the first woman to fly across North America and back , set a new world altitude record , and became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic .


By this time , she was a major star - writing books , making celebrity appearances , and designing her own line of clothes .
She used her fame to promote flying as a form of transportation , and constantly worked for equality for women , not just in the air , but in all aspects of life .


Amelia Earhart was one of the most famous people in the world when she disappeared during her greatest adventure - flying around the world .
Her fate is still a mystery .


~ ~ ~


* Andrew Lloyd Webber Andrew Lloyd Webber { { { 1


# [ Andrew Lloyd Webber ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b9c8168 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b9c8168 . jpg )


# # # Composer , writer , and producer of the most popular musicals of all time , Andrew Lloyd Webber is an Oscar , Grammy , and Tony Award winner , and a huge contributor to the arts in Britain .


*


Music was in Andrew Lloyd Webber ’s genes .
His father was a classical composer , and his mother played both the violin and piano ; Webber ’s younger brother grew up to be a world - renowned solo cello player .


So it ’s not surprising that Andrew loved music as a child , and showed a remarkable natural talent .
By age nine , he was composing suites of classical music .


Among Andrew ’s talented family members was his Aunt Viola , an actress who introduced him to the world of theater and took him to see many plays and musical shows .
The bright little boy fell in love with the stage and dreamed of being involved in show business .


Andrew was a top student in school and went off to the famed Oxford University to study history .
But his love of music and the theater was so strong that he realized he would never be happy unless he followed his passion .
He switched to the Royal College of Music , determined to pursue his dream .


There are always many bright young musicians trying to make a living composing music , but Andrew Lloyd Webber stood out from the crowd by using two important aspects of his artistic background - the discipline and power of classical music , and the fun and appeal of the popular theater .


The musicals he created from that artistic fusion include the most popular of all time .
His shows , including Cats , Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Evita , The Phantom of the Opera , and Jesus Christ , Superstar , have set box - office records , become popular films , and generated such hit songs as “ Memory , ” “ The Music of the Night , ” and “ Do n’t Cry for Me , Argentina . ”


With one smash hit after another , Webber was instrumental in bringing musicals back into popularity .
He has won a long list of awards , including an Oscar , four Grammies , and seven Tony Awards .


Webber has invested some of the hundreds of millions of dollars he has made ( he ’s among the richest people in Britain ) into buying theaters , supporting upcoming playwrights and composers , and creating a charitable foundation .


He has contributed so much to the arts in Britain that the Queen knighted him , and later made him a baron .
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is still following his passion for musical theater , creating new shows that tour the world and bring his unique brand of music to new generations of fans .


~ ~ ~


* Anne Frank Anne Frank { { { 1


# [ Anne Frank ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4031f243 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4031f243 . jpg )


# # # Author of a diary that chronicled the fate of a Jewish family in Nazi Germany , teenager Anne Frank died in a concentration camp ; but , decades later , her diary was published in more than sixty languages .


*


Being a Jew in Nazi Germany was a horrific fate .
Adolf Hitler and the Nazis took away the Jews ’ jobs , property , and rights , then began sending them to concentration camps where they worked under horrible conditions and were beaten , starved , and often killed en masse in gas ovens .


Anne Frank was just four years old when the Nazis came to power , and her family wisely fled from Germany to Holland .
But the Germans soon invaded Holland and began rounding up all Jews to be sent to the death camps .


Her father took thirteen - year - old Anne and her mother and sister into hiding .
He had a secret apartment built in his office building , and some of his employees bravely brought them food and supplies .
Anne and her family hid in the cramped quarters for two years , living in constant fear of being discovered .


Anne , who had been a very good student , began to keep a journal to help pass the long days .
She wrote about her family members ’ daily lives , about the terrible fate of their friends and others at the hands of the Nazis , and about her dreams of freedom .
She still had the courage to hope .


Their secret hiding place was so well constructed that they might have stayed hidden for the entire war , but someone betrayed them and told the Nazis .


Anne ’s father was sent to one death camp ; the two girls and their mother were sent to another .
Anne ’s mother gave all her food to her two daughters to help keep them alive . , and starved to death ; the two girls , working like slaves , sick , and existing on tiny amounts of rotten food , also died a few months later .


The only survivor was Anne ’s father .
After the war , he went back to Holland and found the loyal workers who had hidden his family .
They had saved Anne ’s diary , hoping to return it to her .


When Anne ’s father saw how well written his daughter ’s journal was , and the powerful tale it told of suffering under the Nazis , he determined to have it published .
The Diary of Anne Frank is considered one of the most important books of the twentieth century .


Today , Anne ’s diary is often studied in schools to demonstrate the terrible human cost of bigotry and hatred - as well as the power of hope .


~ ~ ~


* Beatrice Biira Beatrice Biira { { { 1


# [ Beatrice Biira ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6c193bb6 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6c193bb6 . jpg )


# # # After her family was rescued from desperate poverty by being given a goat , young Beatrice Biira was able to get an education , and she became an international advocate and speaker in support of education and against poverty .


*


It may be hard to imagine that a goat changed someone ’s life , but it ’s true .
In fact , the story of Beatrice Biira shows that goats can help change the world !


Beatrice was a child living in Kisinga , a poor village in the west of Uganda , when the goat arrived .
The animal was a gift from Heifer International , an aid agency that provides animals to help struggling families like Beatrice ’s in many countries .


Owning a goat completely changed the world for Beatrice and her family , who were desperately poor .
Suddenly , they had milk to drink and improve their health , extra milk to sell and provide urgently needed money , goat droppings to use as fertilizer for growing food , and a sense of hope for the future .


The extra money also meant that her family could afford to pay for school fees , books , and a uniform , so Beatrice was able to get the most powerful possession in the world - an education .
As a bright and determined girl , Beatrice was ready to take full advantage of her new opportunities , and her intelligence and willingness to work hard made her stand out among the students .


Meanwhile , Heifer International saw what a huge difference their help had made and decided to use Beatrice Biira ’s story to encourage people to support their program .
They created a book entitled Beatrice ’s Goat to explain how just one goat , cow , or other farm animal can rescue a family from poverty .
The book was so popular that they invited Biira to go to the United States and tell her story to the public and the media .
Wherever she went , she touched people ’s hearts and earned their admiration .


With the support of a scholarship , Beatrice Biira went on to attend Connecticut College , earning a BA in International Development and Social Change .
As of this writing , she is working toward an MA in Public Service from the Clinton School of Public Service .


Biira is the outreach coordinator for Millennium Promise and Connect To Learn .
She mobilizes and energizes communities on behalf of global campaigns to end extreme poverty in our lifetime , and to educate girls and boys through high - tech platforms .


Beatrice Biira ’s life was transformed by her opportunity to get an education , and that was made possible by the gift of a goat .
She is now changing the lives of others in poverty .


~ ~ ~


* Beatrix Potter Beatrix Potter { { { 1


# [ Beatrix Potter ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1eaf92f1 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1eaf92f1 . jpg )


# # # Storyteller , illustrator , nature lover , and self - taught nature expert , Beatrix Potter went from leading an extremely isolated life to becoming a famous and wealthy writer and illustrator of children ’s books .


*


If Beatrix Potter ’s parents had let her go to university , as she so badly wanted to do , she might be remembered today as one of the world ’s great experts on mushrooms .
Instead , she became one of the bestselling children ’s authors of all time .


Beatrix ’s family was wealthy , but very strict with their daughter .
She was raised away from other children , with private tutors teaching her at remote country estates in England .
Her parents were determined to keep her at home for the rest of her life , to be their housekeeper and care for them in their old age .


But Beatrix had dreams .
She loved nature and all plants and animals , particularly rabbits , and kept many kinds of creatures as pets .
She was also an excellent artist who could create detailed and realistic paintings and drawings .
Above all , Beatrix had a great imagination , and loved to read and tell stories .


Living such an isolated life , Beatrix became a nature expert , particularly with regard to plants and fungi .
With her great artistic talents , she could draw amazing illustrations of mushrooms that earned her respect among naturalists .


The young woman thought she might have a future as a botanist , studying plants , but her parents would n’t let her pursue a career , and few scientists in the 1800s would have ever taken a woman seriously .


Beatrix felt trapped in her parents ’ life until someone pointed a way out .
Beatrix had written letters to her last governess ’s five - year - old son .
In the letters , Beatrix had made up adventure stories about rabbits and other creatures that she loved .


The former governess thought the stories were wonderful , and encouraged Beatrix to turn them into a children ’s book .
Writing the story and doing her own illustrations , Beatrix Potter created The Tale of Peter Rabbit .
Although one publisher after another turned the idea down , Potter would not give up her dream of achievement and independence .


After years of trying , The Tale of Peter Rabbit was finally published .
It was a big hit , and so were the books that followed .
Characters like Squirrel Nutkin , Jemima Puddle - Duck , and the Flopsy Bunnies became favorites for children across England .


Potter earned enough money to leave home and live her own life .
She married , bought a huge farm , and raised as many animals as she liked .
Her more than twenty popular children ’s books made her wealthy and famous , but it was her hard - earned independence that Beatrix Potter treasured most .


~ ~ ~


* Benjamin Franklin Benjamin Franklin { { { 1


# [ Benjamin Franklin ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7de40f85 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7de40f85 . jpg )


# # # Known for both his self - discipline and his sense of humor , Benjamin Franklin was famous for his many accomplishments , including his inventions .


*


Printer , inventor , scientist , writer , politician , and ambassador - Benjamin Franklin was all of these and more .
He invented things we still use today , and changed the history of his nation .
How did he do it ?
By being self - disciplined , he said .
Ben Franklin actually set out to make himself a better person , and his efforts seemed to work .


Ben was born in the United States when it was still a British colony .
He was a clever boy with a sense of humor ; he used to write anonymous letters to his brother ’s newspaper that were so funny and biting that everyone wondered who the author could be .


Young Ben was determined to be a success .
He made himself a list of good character traits he thought would help him succeed , and he practiced each one for a week at a time .


His list was : temperance ( not eating or drinking too much ) ; silence ( only saying what is useful ) ; order ( keeping things in their places and doing things at the right time ) ; resolution ( always keeping your word ) ; frugality ( not wasting money ) ; industry ( working hard and making good use of your time ) ; sincerity ( not being hurtful or lying ) ; justice ( doing what ’s right ) ; moderation ( not too much of anything ) ; cleanliness ( body , clothes , and house ) ; tranquility ( staying calm when things go wrong ) ; chastity ( being pure with sex ) ; and humility ( not bragging ) .


Ben Franklin ’s self - discipline helped him to become a successful printer with his own newspaper and popular magazine .
He became well known for sayings that are still repeated today , such as : “ Honesty is the best policy ” ; “ Time is money ” ; and “ A penny saved is a penny earned . ”


Many of his inventions are also still used today \ - bifocal glasses , swim fins , and the Franklin wood stove , for example .
He studied science , and became world - famous for his experiments that helped prove that lightning carried electricity .


Franklin was well known for his charitable work \ - creating a library , a fire department , and a public insurance company .
He also got involved in politics , fought for American independence , and represented the United States in England and France .
Back home , he helped to write the U.S. Constitution .


But , of all these accomplishments , Ben Franklin was most proud of one thing : improving himself every day .


~ ~ ~


* Bertha Wilson Bertha Wilson { { { 1


# [ Bertha Wilson ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_31bcf8 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_31bcf8 . jpg )


# # # Not only did Bertha Wilson become the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court of Canada , she also had the courage to make groundbreaking judgments , particularly regarding women ’s rights .


*


It can be very hard to be the first one to do something - to break through a barrier and stand out from everyone else .


Bertha Wilson faced that kind of challenge when she became the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court of Canada .
She became one of Canada ’s top judges in 1982 , and to her surprise , the Court did n’t even have a women ’s washroom !


Plenty of people thought that Wilson would not be able to handle the job because she was a woman .
It did n’t help that she was a soft - spoken person with a charming Scottish accent and a reserved manner .
How could someone like that be tough enough for the Supreme Court ?
But Bertha Wilson had been a top - notch lawyer and the first woman on the Ontario Court of Appeal .
Underneath her quiet demeanor , she had a brilliant mind and a strong will .


After all , Wilson , who came from a small , working - class town in Scotland , had worked her way up to one of the top law firms in Canada , fighting sexism all the way .
When she had first tried to enroll in law school , the dean had told her to “ Go home and take up crocheting . ”


So , Wilson had earned her way to the Supreme Court by being just as smart and tough as any man .


Soon , she was making the other Supreme Court justices - and the whole country - sit up and take notice .
She dared to make groundbreaking judgments on issues that no one else had dared to touch , especially those regarding women ’s rights .
Her rulings challenged the way that the law treated women in Canada .


When she died in 2007 , a newspaper article commented that Bertha Wilson “ delivered the news Canadians were n’t always ready to hear . ”
Her inner strength gave her the confidence to say what needed to be said , even when it was not easy or pleasant .


Thanks to her belief in herself and in her principles , Wilson proved that women could serve well in any court , at any level .
Today , she gets credit for breaking the barrier and making it possible for other women to reach the highest levels of the legal profession .


~ ~ ~


* Beverley McLachlin Beverley McLachlin { { { 1


# [ Beverley McLachlin ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69ea312d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69ea312d . jpg )


# # # As a lawyer , judge , and professor , and the first woman to be chief justice of the Supreme Court of British Columbia , Beverley McLachlin has dedicated her life to the idea of equal justice for all people .


*


There was not much doubt that Beverley McLachlin was going to be a success .
Growing up in the small town of Pincher Creek , Alberta in the 1940s , Beverley was an excellent student and had learned the value of hard work from her farmer parents .


The question was - what would she do with her excellent brain ?
Beverley herself was not sure , even while she was going to university , but two things happened that changed her life .


The first incident was a chance meeting with a stranger on the bus .
The stranger was a Native Canadian , who told Beverley how she had been taken from her family , forced to go to a “ residential school , ” and how her culture and language were taken away from her .


The second incident was a special privilege - being chosen to go on a foreign study trip as part of one of her university programs .
In the African country of Algeria , Beverley saw real poverty and injustice .
She learned how hard life was for people who had no rights and no one to stand up for them .


These events strengthened Beverley McLachlin ’s sense of justice and fairness , and she never forgot them .
She went on to earn her law degree and dedicate her life to the idea of equal justice for all people .


She soon earned a reputation as a brilliant legal mind who could tackle the trickiest situations .
Within a few years , she was taking on major cases at a top law firm in Vancouver and teaching law at university .


McLachlin was a natural choice to become a judge \ - fair - minded and compassionate , but also tough and smart .
It did not take long for her to be promoted to higher courts .
She became the first woman to be chief justice of the Supreme Court of B.C. , and then , in 1989 , she was asked to serve in the highest court of the land , the Supreme Court of Canada .


As a judge , Beverley McLachlin has made major decisions that affect her whole nation - helping to draw the line between the rights of individuals and the power of government .
Legal experts say she brings a unique and powerful point of view , coming up with solutions others might never have thought of .


But all of her decisions , and all of her work for groups dedicated to education and justice , are based on her core belief that all people deserve equal freedom , justice , and protection .


~ ~ ~


* Celine Dion Celine Dion { { { 1


# [ Celine Dion ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_342003fa . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_342003fa . jpg )


# # # Celine Dion ’s story proves that you never know where life will take you , even when you ’re one of fourteen children from a poor family .
Celine is one of the most popular singers the world has ever produced , and is a multi - million dollar contributor to charities .


*


As the best - selling female pop singer of all time - with some 200 million albums sold - and one of the richest women in the world of entertainment , you might think that Celine Dion has had an easy life .


In fact , along with the gold records and successful world tours , her life has had many challenges , both in her childhood and during the days of her superstardom .


As the youngest of fourteen children in a poor Quebec family , Celine learned the value of a dollar from an early age .
Her huge family provided her with love , encouragement , and a devotion to music , but all of the children had to pitch in to make ends meet financially .


Beginning with a homemade audio tape she made at age twelve , her career as a singer and songwriter first blossomed in her native province .
Celine then had to work hard to learn English and perfect her show - business skills before she could break into the broader world music market .


In 1989 , at the beginning of her career , Celine Dion nearly lost her famously powerful voice for good !
She injured her voice box during a concert and was told she might need surgery to ever speak properly again .
It took weeks of rest , therapy , and a new regimen of practice and technique before Dion regained her abilities .


Ten years later , she was at the height of her popularity , with gold records in both English and French covering her walls .
Songs like “ My Heart Will Go On ” ( used in the hit movie Titanic ) made her a global success .
But , Dion had not been able to have the one thing she wanted most - a child .
And then , her husband was diagnosed with cancer .


Dion made the decision to take time off from her career .
She focused on her family , nursing her husband back to health , and undergoing fertility treatments so that she could have a child .
Her first child , a son , was born in 2001 .
She then successfully restarted her career , producing more albums and a series of sold - out shows in Las Vegas .


Today , she still reigns as the biggest music star Canada has ever produced , and one of the most popular singers in world history .
As a Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations , and a multi - million dollar contributor to health and education charities , Celine Dion helps others overcome their life challenges .
In 2010 , she gave birth to twin boys .


~ ~ ~


* Christopher Columbus Christopher Columbus { { { 1


# [ Christopher Columbus ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49b78041 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49b78041 . jpg )


# # # As a sailor , sea captain , trader , and explorer , what Christopher Columbus lacked in navigation tools , he made up for with courage , daring , and perseverance as he headed straight west across an unknown ocean .


*


A lot of people think that Christopher Columbus “ discovered ” America .
However , by the time he made his first voyage , in 1492 , aboriginal peoples had been living in North America for tens of thousands of years .
Even the Vikings , who were also Europeans , had landed in Canada hundreds of years before Columbus was born .
Furthermore , Columbus himself never actually set foot on mainland North America , but landed in the Caribbean Islands .


Overall , Columbus was wrong about where he was going ( Asia ) , how long the journey was ( he thought it was 3,700 km , but it was more than 19,000 km ) , and where he landed ( aboriginal American people became known as “ Indians ” because Columbus thought he had landed in India ) .


So , why is Columbus the most famous explorer of all time ?


Partly because what Columbus accomplished was amazing for the time .
In those days , Europeans trading with Asia had to sail all the way south around the tip of Africa , then east across the Indian Ocean .
Columbus had the daring idea to take a short cut - straight west across the empty ocean , into the complete unknown .


It took tremendous determination for a man who was known as a trader - not an explorer - to get backing for his plan to sail around the world .
The experts said it could n’t be done .
One country after another turned him down until , after years of effort , Columbus finally got the king and queen of Spain to give him the money , ships , and sailors he needed .


For Columbus to sail further out of sight of land than anyone ever had done before , trusting in his own calculations and abilities , took a lot of courage .
And he would need all of his seafaring abilities to find a safe route home again , using the Trade Winds that blow east across the Atlantic Ocean .


While Columbus remained convinced to his death that he had found a route to India , his voyages changed the course of history .
Even with all his mixups , Columbus brought back to Europe the news of amazing new lands and peoples .
His discovery was the start of a huge movement of Europeans who came to North , Central , and South America to explore , trade , conquer , and occupy .


Ultimately , Columbus ’s adventuring meant that many changes would take place in the Americas .
Whether you believe those changes were good , bad , or a mix of the two , there can be no doubt that Christopher Columbus altered the world through his vision and determination .


~ ~ ~


* Craig Kielburger Craig Kielburger { { { 1


# [ Craig Kielburger ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4b1c7445 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4b1c7445 . jpg )


# # # Creator of Free The Children , an organization whose purpose is to free child slaves all over the world and provide them with an education , Craig Kielburger was a child himself when his passion to help children began .


*


One morning in 1995 , twelve - year - old Craig Kielburger was flipping through a newspaper , looking for the comics , and he happened to see a headline about the murder of a boy named Iqbal who was about Craig ’s own age .


Craig read about how Iqbal had been sold into slavery in South Asia at the age of four and spent six years chained to a carpet - making machine , working day and night .
Iqbal had escaped , told his story to the world , and started fighting against child slavery .


Now , the story said , Iqbal had been killed to stop his campaign for freedom .


That terrible story touched something in Craig , and he determined to pick up Iqbal ’s cause and work to free children from slavery , poverty , and ignorance .
It was a big ambition for a twelve - year - old , but Craig says Iqbal ’s story proved that the bravest voice could live in the smallest body .


So , Craig cut the article out of the paper , took it to his school in Thornhill , Ontario , and asked his classmates if they wanted to help .
Eleven other kids put their hands up . . . and that was the start of the group Craig called “ Free The Children . ”


Together , they set out to raise funds , tell people about the plight of child slaves worldwide , and - above all \ - to help those children get the freedom and education they needed .


Craig ’s friends told other friends , parents , teachers . . . the word spread quickly and Free The Children grew by leaps and bounds .
Soon , they were working with other groups in third world countries , getting support from companies and associations , and creating their own education and development programs .


Today , Free The Children is the world ’s largest network of children helping children through education .
There are more than one million youth involved in forty - five countries worldwide .
They build schools , provide clean water and health care , and fight against the abuse and neglect of children . . . everything to make life better for other children and youth .


Craig Kielburger is now a grown man , but continues to dedicate his entire life to the cause he started when he was twelve .
He flies all over the world , giving speeches and working with various groups that share his passion for justice .
Here at home , he helps organize and support student leaders and others who want to change the world for the better .


And it all happened because Kielburger saw something disturbing in the newspaper , and refused to just turn the page .


~ ~ ~


* Diane Warren Diane Warren { { { 1


# [ Diane Warren ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c5f4771 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c5f4771 . jpg )


# # # A prolific songwriter with six Oscar nominations , a Golden Globe , and Songwriter of the Year awards , Diane Warren has created a foundation that supports music programs in financially challenged schools .


Many young people feel the same way that Diane Warren did as a girl - misunderstood and somehow different from everyone around her .
Growing up in California , she wanted to rebel against her parents and everything else in her world .
She ran away from home as a teenager , and only came back because she missed her cat !


The truth was that Diane was different .
She had a strong creative spark , and a great way with words .
And she found comfort in writing songs that expressed her feelings .


While her mother thought Diane was a dreamer who should focus on getting a job as a secretary , her father encouraged her hopes of becoming a songwriter .
With that encouragement and a strong will to follow her own direction in life , Diane began the tough task of trying to sell her songs .


Her determination and talent paid off with her first hit song in the 1980s - “ Solitaire , ” performed by Laura Branigan .
Other hits quickly followed - pop hits , rock hits , country hits - performed by some of the biggest names in music , including Celine Dion , Trisha Yearwood , Toni Braxton , and LeAnn Rimes .


Warren ’s career soared to new heights when her songs began to appear in hit films , resulting in six Oscar nominations and a Golden Globe award for “ You Have n’t Seen the Last of Me , ” performed by Cher in the movie Burlesque .
She now has a star on the celebrated Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been named Songwriter of the Year six times , among a host of other honors and awards .


But Diane Warren did not forget what it felt like to be that lonely girl with a love for music .
She has used her fame and fortune to start a foundation that supports music programs in financially challenged schools , and she helps sponsor contests for emerging songwriters .


Recalling how her father was the one person to encourage her love of music , she wrote the hit song “ Because You Loved Me ” as a tribute to his support .


In 1993 , the struggling Montreal Canadiens adopted one of Diane Warren ’s songs , “ Nothing ’s Gonna Stop Us Now , ” as their unofficial anthem , and went on to win the Stanley Cup that year .
Just like Warren herself , they demonstrated the power of determination and self - belief .


~ ~ ~


* Eleanor Roosevelt Eleanor Roosevelt { { { 1


# [ Eleanor Roosevelt ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5ff5828d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5ff5828d . jpg )


# # # As wife of a politician who became president of the United States , Eleanor Roosevelt used her high profile and spirited personality to become a renowned international activist , speaker , and author .


Eleanor Roosevelt was born into privilege and wealth .
Her family had plenty of money and was part of New York high society , and her uncle Teddy was president of the United States .


But Eleanor ’s early life was hard ; her mother and brother both died of illness when she was very young , and her father drank himself to death .
She was a lonely , quiet , shy girl with no confidence , despite the fact that she was very intelligent .


It was only as a teenager that Eleanor began to blossom .
She started doing well in school , volunteered to do social work in the poor neighborhoods of New York , and began to believe in herself .
Even though she knew that she was no great beauty , Eleanor decided that honesty and loyalty would show in her face and make her attractive from the inside out .


It seems she was right - she attracted the attention of a distant relative named Franklin , a tall , handsome man who seemed destined for great things in politics .
But again , fate set out a hard road for Eleanor Roosevelt .
Her husband had an affair , then developed polio and was very ill for a long time .


This is when Eleanor Roosevelt ’s real character came out , and her determination and spirit only grew stronger .
She began to be a force in politics herself , stepping in for her sick husband in public appearances while getting him back on his feet again at home .


Thanks in large part to Eleanor , Franklin won the election to become governor of New York State and then , in 1933 , to become president of the United States of America .
Eleanor Roosevelt now had a very high profile .


From then on , this remarkable woman used her fame and dynamic personality to fight for every cause she believed in .
She was a great supporter of equality for women and minorities , helped form the United Nations and write its Declaration of Human Rights , and won praise from soldiers for her compassionate visits to the front lines in World War II .


As an international author , speaker , and activist , she was a role model for women around the world at a time when few women had such public roles .
Eleanor Roosevelt encouraged all people , whatever their gender or race , to live up to their potentials and pursue their dreams , just as she had done .


Today , polls in the United States still rank her as one of the most admired Americans in history .


~ ~ ~


* Ferdinand Magellan Ferdinand Magellan { { { 1


# [ Ferdinand Magellan ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_734a8b68 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_734a8b68 . jpg )


# # # A sixteenth - century seaman , trader , fighter , and explorer , Ferdinand Magellan was captain of the fleet that took on the high - risk challenge of circumnavigating the globe .


*


In the 1500s , Spain and Portugal were global powerhouses and bitter rivals .
Both nations were experts at exploring and trading by sea , and at fighting over the riches they found .


It was an opportune time for a man like Ferdinand Magellan - an expert sailor and even better fighter .
He took part in many voyages and battles for his native Portugal , earning a stellar reputation .


Magellan came up with a visionary plan to put his nation on top in the ongoing rivalry with Spain : Instead of sailing all the way around Africa to get to the trading lands of Asia , why not go the other way around the world ?


Magellan thought if he could find a way past the new lands where Christopher Columbus had landed in Central and South America , he could open up fresh trade routes .
By doing this , he imagined , he could make his country - and himself - rich !


But the king of Portugal had just signed a treaty giving him power over the standard trade route around Africa .
He was n’t interested in a risky expedition into the unknown .
Even worse , Magellan ’s enemies at court were spreading false stories , and the king stopped trusting him .


There was one risky step that Magellan could take to keep his dream alive : he could go to Spain .
The Spanish suspected Magellan of being a spy .
But the Spanish king was desperate to find a new path to Asia , and he took the chance of backing Magellan ’s daring scheme .


Now all Ferdinand Magellan had to do was sail across the two biggest oceans on Earth , through uncharted waters , to the other side of the world !


Magellan set out with high hopes .
But shipwrecks , mutiny , disease , attacks by native tribes , powerful storms , and other disasters plagued him all along the way .
Finally , after weeks of hitting dead ends as he attempted to round the tip of South America , Ferdinand Magellan found a way through and sailed his battered fleet to success .


Much later , Magellan got caught up in a civil war in the Philippines and was killed in battle .
His deputy decided to press on , through Asian waters , around Africa , and back to Spain .
The sailors who survived became the first people to sail around the world !


Only eighteen sailors and one leaky boat from the fleet of 250 men and five ships made it home .
But , they proved Ferdinand Magellan had been right .
Today , the route around South America is called the Strait of Magellan after one of the bravest , most determined explorers in history .


~ ~ ~


* Florence Nightingale Florence Nightingale { { { 1


# [ Florence Nightingale ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2e4c8504 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2e4c8504 . jpg )


# # # Eschewing the upper - class British life into which she ’d been born , Florence Nightingale became a nurse on the front lines of war , advocated for improved sanitation in hospitals , and started the world ’s first official training program for nurses .


*


A woman born into a wealthy , upper - class British home in the early 1800s was supposed to do just one thing : become the wife of a wealthy , upper - class man .


But , Florence Nightingale had other ideas .
Her father had taught her advanced mathematics , so young Florence knew she had a good brain .
To Florence , the comfortable lives of the wealthy women around her seemed shallow .
She felt she was destined for something more worthwhile .


At age seventeen , Florence announced that she had found her calling in life - she wanted to become a nurse .
Her mother and sister were horrified .
Wealthy young women of that time simply did not work , and certainly avoided all contact with “ the lower classes . ”


It took a lot of strength of character for Nightingale to go against the conventions of the day and the wishes of her family .
But she persisted , working hard to study nursing , and traveling around Europe and the Middle East to broaden her education .


Other wealthy English people thought she was eccentric or shameful , but the Crimean War changed everything and made Florence Nightingale a national heroine .


The war involving the British , Russian , French , and Ottoman empires created terrible conditions for wounded soldiers .
There was little medicine , a scarcity of trained doctors , and virtually no sanitation .
More soldiers were dying of diseases in the hospitals than were being killed on the battlefield .


Florence Nightingale led a group of volunteer nurses to the front lines in what is now Turkey .
The soldiers there described her as an “ angel , ” and nicknamed her The Lady with the Lamp due to her late - night visits to comfort the sick and dying .
The story of this wealthy woman who put aside riches and comfort to risk her life in filthy conditions became a national sensation in Britain , and inspired many people to follow her example .


After the war , Florence Nightingale used her skills in advanced mathematics to determine why so many soldiers had died .
She realized that sanitation was the key to saving lives , and began to campaign for cleaner conditions in hospitals .
She invented a new kind of pie chart , the “ Nightingale Rose Diagram , ” to prove her point to politicians and bureaucrats who did n’t understand statistics .


Florence Nightingale took advantage of her newly acquired fame to raise funds and set up the world ’s first official training program for nurses .
She is considered the founder of modern nursing .


~ ~ ~


* Galileo Galilei Galileo Galilei { { { 1


# [ Galileo Galilei ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4d75d00c . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_4d75d00c . jpg )


# # # An astronomer , mathematician , inventor , and author , Galileo Galilei was a rebel genius in the 1600s who was sentenced as a heretic by the Catholic Church .


*


He ’s been called the father of modern astronomy , the father of modern physics , even the father of all modern science , but Galileo Galilei ( who is known by his first name only ) was a rebel .
He did not set out to turn the science world and the Roman Catholic Church on their collective ears , but that ’s what happened .


The son of a musician in Italy , Galileo was a naturally curious man with a great gift for mathematics and invention .
When someone told him that a scientist in Holland thought it might be possible to use a tube with glass lenses to see far away , Galileo sat down and built the first modern telescope .


Sea captains and others loved his invention , but it was when Galileo turned one of his telescopes towards the sky that he began to get into trouble .


In the Europe of the early 1600s , the Catholic Church was the ultimate power .
People who questioned its version of the world risked being labeled “ heretics , ” and arrested , tortured , even killed .
The Church insisted that the Earth was the center of the universe and that the planets were perfect spheres , and anyone who tried to contradict these ideas was in great danger .
The problem was that Galileo ’s telescope had shown him that the Church ’s teachings on this matters was wrong .


Galileo proved that the Earth orbited around the Sun , not the other way around .
He found moons orbiting Jupiter and Saturn , when the Church said everything was supposed to revolve around the Earth .
And Galileo even measured the mountains and valleys on the Moon , showing that it was not the perfect sphere the Church claimed it to be .


Galileo not only made these discoveries , he also published them in widely popular books that often made fun of the ignorance of his critics .
Even though he tried to tiptoe around the Church ’s positions , everything Galileo did proved them wrong .


It was only a matter of time before Galileo was put on trial and sentenced as a heretic .
He spent the rest of his life under house arrest , and all of his books were banned .


A true scientist to the end , Galileo kept experimenting and writing in secret , even as an old man .
It was only long after his death , when there was so much proof that his findings could no longer be ignored , that Galileo ’s work was fully recognized .
In 1992 , the Catholic Church apologized and admitted he had been right .


~ ~ ~


* Gordon Lightfoot Gordon Lightfoot { { { 1


# [ Gordon Lightfoot ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b82dc16 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2b82dc16 . jpg )


# # # Singer , songwriter , and winner of sixteen Juno awards , Gordon Lightfoot is still writing and performing after more than fifty years in the business .


Looking at Gordon Lightfoot ’s music career , you might assume his life has been a breeze .
After all , his singing talent was recognized when he was still a little boy in Orillia , Ontario , and he was already appearing on stage , radio , and television when he was a teenager .


Throughout the 1960s and 70s , Lightfoot had a string of hit songs ( recorded by himself and other top stars who loved his song writing ) , and he broke records with his sold - out concerts at Toronto ’s Massey Hall .


However , behind the scenes , Lightfoot struggled .
In 1972 , at the height of his popularity , he suffered a serious illness - Bell ’s palsy - that paralyzed part of his face .
For a singer and performer , this was a serious threat to his career .
He fought his way through the illness and regained his health , even while keeping up a heavy recording and touring schedule .


For the next thirty years , Gordon Lightfoot continued to record albums , perform concerts , and appear on television .
By 2002 , he was no longer a superstar with number one hits , but he still had legions of fans and his performances attracted huge crowds .


Then , tragedy struck again during a tour in his hometown , when a major artery in Lightfoot ’s stomach suddenly burst .
He was airlifted to a hospital by helicopter for emergency treatment to save his life .
It took five operations and a three - month hospital stay to get him out of danger .


Gordon Lightfoot refused to give up his life as an entertainer .
Against all odds , he made a comeback and by 2004 , he was recording and touring again .
Even a stroke he suffered in 2007 that cost him the use of some of his fingers could not hold him back .
Lightfoot practiced tirelessly until he could play the guitar again , and then went back on the road .


After a music career of more than fifty years , Gordon Lightfoot is a member of several music halls of fame , winner of sixteen Juno Awards , and a Companion of the Order of Canada .
With more than 200 recordings to his credit , including several gold records , his fellow musicians consider him a song - writing legend .


Gordon Lightfoot has nothing left to prove , but he has an unending passion for writing and performing his music .
As of 2011 , at age seventy - two , he is still recording and touring .


~ ~ ~


* Grandma Moses Grandma Moses { { { 1


# [ Grandma Moses ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6188d18e . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6188d18e . jpg )


# # # Although Grandma Moses did n’t pick up a paint brush until she was seventy , she still had time to become world famous , with shows in the U.S. , Europe , and Asia .
She continued painting for more than thirty years .


*


Very few artists are able to make a living from their art .
Even fewer become famous around the world , set attendance records when their work is displayed , and have their paintings hanging everywhere from the White House to European and Asian museums .
Only one artist has ever done all of that , despite the fact that she had no training and did n’t even start painting until she was more than seventy years old !


The incredible story of Anna “ Grandma “ Moses sounds like a corny movie plot , but it ’s all true .


The mother of ten children , Moses was a very active grandmother and great - grandmother , known in the little town of Hoosick Falls , New York for doing lovely embroidery .
But arthritis was making it more difficult for her to do her needlework , and she wanted to make a Christmas gift for her postman .
Moses decided to try painting him a picture instead .


The postman loved his painting , and Moses found that she enjoyed working with paint and canvas .
Soon she was painting all the time , and giving her artwork away to friends and relatives .


Anna Moses ’s paintings were so charming that other people wanted to buy them , so the woman who was about to take the art world by storm started selling her paintings for two to three dollars each .


Then , when Moses was seventy - eight years old , the miracle happened .
In 1938 , an art collector just happened to be passing through Hoosick Falls and saw some of her paintings for sale in the local drug store .
He bought every one , tracked Anna Moses down , and then he bought every painting she had at home , too !


Within a year , three of her paintings were included in a show at the famous Museum of Modern Art in New York City .
Galleries and collectors started talking about this amazing new artist who captured rural scenes and people in a delightful folk - art style .


It did n’t take long for Grandma Moses , as everyone called her , to become famous .
Shows of her work were staged in major galleries and museums across the United States , and then in Europe and Asia .
Everywhere that her paintings were shown , record crowds came out to see them and buy them .


Grandmas Moses took it all in stride .
She said that starting a new career in your seventies and being active in your nineties just required a positive attitude .


Anna Moses kept painting right up to her death at age 101 , producing more than 3,600 paintings .


~ ~ ~


* Gustavo Dudamel Gustavo Dudamel { { { 1


# [ Gustavo Dudamel ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_536232d5 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_536232d5 . jpg )


# # # World - famous conductor Gustavo Dudamel , “ the lightning conductor ” , can turn a solid old symphony into “ molten lava . ”
Today , he plans to recreate the successful youth orchestra program for street youth that helped him .


*


When it comes to classical music , Gustavo Dudamel is a total rock star .
At age thirty , he was ( by far ) the youngest conductor of a major orchestra anywhere in the world .
With his wild hair , all - consuming passion , and lively sense of humor , he is also one of the most popular .


Gustavo was a musical genius as a child , and began winning international conducting prizes when he was barely out of high school .
But what has always been extraordinary about Gustavo Dudamel is not only his talent , but the way he has chosen to use that gift to improve the world .


As of this writing , as well as being in his twelfth year as music director of the Venezuelan Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra , Dudamel is also in his second season as music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra .
With his global reputation , he could have chosen to work with any orchestra in the world , but he chose the Los Angeles Philharmonic : and he did it for a very specific reason .


Dudamel , who came from a musical family in Venezuela , had his talent recognized and supported by “ El Sistema ” ( The System ) - a revolutionary music - training program in his home country that introduces poor kids , some of them street kids , to the discipline and self - esteem of great musicianship .
Recognizing how The System changed his life , Dudamel decided to introduce the program to the United States , and the hard streets of Los Angeles were a perfect place to start .
So , as part of his contract with the Los Angeles Philharmonic , Gustavo Dudamel insisted on being given the money and time to start a youth orchestra .


The Youth Orchestra of Los Angeles gives poor and street youth a new focus in their lives and a new sense of accomplishment as they play to sold - out audiences at venues like the famous Hollywood Bowl .
As well , Dudamel ’s vision of spreading the idea across the U.S. is beginning to be realized , with new community and city youth orchestras being formed in several American cities .


Dudamel ’s long - term dream is to see The System become as popular in other countries as it is in Venezuela , where 600 youth orchestras help a quarter of a million children stay out of trouble , develop self - discipline , and learn to believe in themselves .


Gustavo Dudamel knows firsthand that music can help change the lives of children and youth , and improve the society they live in .


~ ~ ~


* Hayley Wickenheiser Hayley Wickenheiser { { { 1


# [ Hayley Wickenheiser ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2d4f5019 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2d4f5019 . jpg )


# # # An amazing , record - breaking female hockey player , Hayley Wickenheiser ’s love of hockey started when she was a young girl .
She proved to be not only passionate , but also highly skilled , determined , and tough .


*


There ’s no doubt that Hayley Wickenheiser is the greatest female hockey player in the world .


The list of her accomplishments is remarkable .
She is the first woman ever to play full - time professional hockey ( other than as goalie ) .
She has won three Olympic gold medals and a silver , and six golds and three silvers at the World Championships .
You could fill pages with all of her awards , medals , and records .
But all of this glory did not come easily .


Hayley ’s love of hockey started when she was just a few years old : as she was learning to skate she was already dreaming of becoming a hockey player .
Hayley not only had a knack for skating , she also had the spirit to keep practicing and keep pushing herself to improve .


Even with her remarkable natural talent , Hayley faced many challenges growing up as a female hockey player in rural Saskatchewan .
She played on boys ’ teams until she was thirteen , and had to prove over and over that she was just as good , or better , than her teammates .


Hayley ’s formula for success was simple : she just worked harder than anyone else did .
Her dedication made her not only an award - winning player , but also an inspiring role model for other girls .


After becoming a star in women ’s amateur hockey and international tournaments , Hayley Wickenheiser turned her eyes toward the biggest prize yet - the professional leagues , where only men played .


She made her historic breakthrough in professional leagues in Europe .
Again , she had to out - work the men around her to be fast enough and strong enough to hold her own .
Playing there in 2003 , Wickenheiser added another remarkable credit to her career - becoming the first woman to score a professional hockey goal .


Back home in Canada , she is a national hero - captain of the Olympic and national hockey teams , top goal scorer , most valuable player , and regular member of all - star squads .


But it ’s not just her accomplishments that make her a star - it ’s also her attitude .
Sports Illustrated magazine has named Hayley Wickenheiser one of the “ Twenty - Five Toughest Athletes Ever . ”
She ’s living proof of how hard work and determination , combined with talent , can make you the best in the world .


~ ~ ~


* Hazel McCallion Hazel McCallion { { { 1


# [ Hazel McCallion ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5bbbc940 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5bbbc940 . jpg )


# # # Not only has Hazel McCallion been the highly popular mayor of Mississauga for an unheard - of thirty - three years , in the most recent election , she received more than seventy - five percent of the votes .


*


A lot of things have changed in Mississauga , Ontario since 1978 .
It has grown from a collection of small towns and villages to the sixth - largest city in Canada .
But one thing has not changed since 1978 - Hazel McCallion is still the mayor !
After more than three decades , she is one of the longest - serving and most popular politicians Canada has ever known .


Hazel was born to a poor family in rural Quebec that could n’t afford to send their bright daughter to university .
She became a secretary instead , determined to earn her own way .
Hazel did n’t mind hard work and was ready to make the best of any challenge .


After being transferred to a job in Toronto , Hazel married a man she ’d met at church , and one of their wedding presents changed her life - and Canadian politics - forever .
The present was a small plot of land in a little town called Streetsville , not far from Toronto .


At the time that Hazel McCallion and her husband settled in Streetsville , the area was growing rapidly .
Together , they started a small newspaper and became involved in local issues .
It was n’t long before McCallion , with her keen mind and tremendous energy , was a real force in local politics .
By the time that Streetsville and other towns in the area were put together to form the new city of Mississauga , Hazel McCallion was ready to run for mayor .


She not only won that first election , she has won every single election since - a remarkable string of twelve consecutive elections .
McCallion became so popular that she really did n’t need to campaign , and she asked people to donate money to charity rather than to her election fund !


Running the city - in her words - “ like a business ” has made Mississauga one of the few debt - free cities in Canada .
Her effective management and plainspoken style has kept voters loyal to her for over thirty - three years .
In the most recent election - in 2010 - she received more than three quarters of the votes .


Over the years , McCallion has been called a heroine for her roles in safely evacuating the city after a massive train derailment and explosion in 1979 , for talking down an armed man in 2006 , and for her relentless work in getting more funding and jobs for her city .


While her strong personality has at times gotten her into trouble and earned her the nickname “ Hurricane Hazel , ” the Mississauga mayor has also been honored with the Order of Canada and voted as one of the top mayors in the world .


~ ~ ~


* Helen Keller Helen Keller { { { 1


# [ Helen Keller ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69d97900 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_69d97900 . jpg )


# # # Although blind and deaf , Helen Keller became a scholar , author , speaker , advocate for social justice , and one of the founders of the American Civil Liberties Union .


*


We all admire those who go on to lead productive lives after being struck blind or deaf in early life - but what can we say about Helen Keller , who was left both blind and deaf after a childhood illness , but went on to become one of the most famous writers , activists , and public speakers of her day ?


Helen Keller was born in 1880 , long before the arrival of the technology and training that can help blind and deaf people today .
She was trapped in a private world , unable to communicate or understand the world around her .


Helen ’s family turned to an expert on helping the deaf - Alexander Graham Bell , the inventor of the telephone .
He recommended a special school where highly trained teachers could be hired to help girls like Helen .
And that ’s how Anne Sullivan came into Helen ’s life .


Sullivan began to teach Helen words by tracing symbols on the girl ’s hand .
Helen did n’t understand at first , but one day when Sullivan poured some water on Helen ’s hand and then traced the letters for “ water , ” the young girl made the connection .


That ’s when Helen ’s remarkable brain and determination kicked in .
Once she realized that there was a way of communicating with others , she learned at an incredible rate .
From simple words to complicated ideas , Helen Keller absorbed knowledge like a sponge .


Accompanied by the loyal Anne Sullivan , Keller went to school and soon excelled as a student .
She was even accepted by a top university and became the first deaf and blind person to ever earn a bachelor of arts degree .
But that was just the start .
She was now reading Braille in several languages , and became very interested in politics and social issues .
Despite her challenges , Keller set out to make a difference in the world .


Soon she was deeply involved in many issues - voting rights for women , better treatment for the disabled , anti - war campaigns , and social justice .
She wrote salient letters to newspapers , gave rousing speeches , wrote bestselling books , came up with all kinds of ideas and slogans , and even helped found the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
She was like a whirlwind !


Helen Keller ’s brilliant mind and inspiring story won her many fans and a high profile worldwide .
She was friends with people like author Mark Twain , and met with every American president who served during her lifetime .


Above all , she inspired others not to let physical challenges stand in the way of achieving their full potentials .


~ ~ ~


* J . K . Rowling J . K . Rowling { { { 1


# [ J . K . Rowling ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m752394ad . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m752394ad . jpg )


# # # J . K . Rowling planned out her entire book series before she started writing the first one - by hand .
Twelve publishers are probably still cursing because they rejected her first Harry Potter book , convinced it was far too long for children and would never sell .


*


She is worth more than a billion dollars , has been named one of the most influential people in the world , and holds the record for the fastest - selling books in history .
But when J . K . Rowling first set out to write her books about a boy wizard named Harry Potter , no one could possibly have guessed how successful she would be .
In fact , Joanne Rowling ( her real name ) was having a hard time , and had to fight against tremendous odds to achieve her vision .


Rowling says she came up with the Harry Potter idea while riding on a train that was delayed .
By the time it got to the station , she had the whole series of books plotted out in her mind !


She started writing right away , but then life threw her a series of curves .
Following the death of her mother after a long battle with multiple sclerosis , Rowling took a job teaching in Portugal .
She got married and had a baby there , but after a divorce she moved back to Britain .


Three years later , she still had not finished her first Harry Potter book .
She was a single , unemployed mother , living on welfare .
But J . K . Rowling still believed in her idea .
She would take her baby for long walks to put her to sleep , and then sit writing her book in cafes .
She finally finished the manuscript and typed it up on an old manual typewriter .


The first twelve publishers turned her down .
Number thirteen said , “ Yes ” - mainly because the little girl of the company ’s chairperson loved the book - but warned Rowling to get a job because she would not make much money from a children ’s book .


Once Harry Potter and the Philosopher ’s Stone was published , however , the book won a raft of awards and began selling at an incredible pace .
Every book in the series sold more than the last , with the last four books all setting world records for the fastest sale of a million copies .


All told , the Harry Potter series has sold 400 million copies in sixty - five languages , sparked a series of highly successful movies , and made J . K . Rowling one of the wealthiest authors in the world .


Rowling remembers her own struggles and gives millions of dollars a year to charities , including those that focus on poverty and on multiple sclerosis .
She is also president of a charity that supports single parents .


~ ~ ~


* Jacques Cousteau Jacques Cousteau { { { 1


# [ Jacques Cousteau ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_622dd066 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_622dd066 . jpg )


# # # Famous for his award - winning underwater films , television shows , and books that gave the world a view of life under the ocean , ecologist Jacques Cousteau was also a talented inventor and dedicated environmental activist .


Naval officer , explorer , ecologist , filmmaker , innovator , scientist , photographer , author , researcher . . . you could go on for pages about all of the things Jacques Cousteau did with his remarkable life !


Many people outside France do n’t know that Costeau was a war hero ; he led daring commando operations inside occupied France during World War II .
And many may not know that he helped invent the modern aqualung - the SCUBA system that ’s used around the world .


Most people remember Jacques Cousteau for his amazing films , television shows , and books about the ocean .
On board his ship Calypso , Cousteau and his crew traveled the world to film their documentaries about the life that teems beneath the surface of the water .


In the 1950s and 60s , Cousteau ’s films marked the first time the majority of people had ever seen footage of undersea life in its natural state .
And it was the first time that the general public heard about the dangers of pollution , overfishing , habitat destruction , and other threats to the natural world .


Jacques Cousteau is credited with being one of the first popular ecologists , inspiring a whole generation of young people to be more aware of their environment .


His long career ( Cousteau lived to age eighty - seven ) contained many other amazing achievements :


\ - The first underwater archaeology operation using autonomous diving ;


\ - Discovering how porpoises use natural sonar to guide themselves ;


\ - Winning the top prize at the world - famous Cannes Film Festival for his documentary The Silent World ;


Organizing a successful campaign to stop the dumping of nuclear waste in the oceans ; and Winning a long list of awards and medals from grateful nations and organizations around the world .


Through more than 120 television documentaries and fifty books , Cousteau helped make science and nature popular topics for everyday people , and he left a legacy that carries on his work .
The Cousteau Society he founded to protect the environment now has 300,000 members .
As rich and famous as he became , Jacques Cousteau always said he was just a man trying to do his bit to help the world .
“ It takes generosity to discover the whole through others , ” he said .
“ If you realize you are only a violin , you can open yourself up to the world by playing your role in the concert . ”


~ ~ ~


* Jean Vanier Jean Vanier { { { 1


# [ Jean Vanier ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7856b30d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7856b30d . jpg )


# # # Jean Vanier ’s belief that people with developmental disabilities should live in communities rather than in isolation from them launched an international movement - “ L’ Arche ” - that has now spread to thirty countries .


*


When he was just thirteen , Jean Vanier set out to become a naval officer and could have had a very successful career .
But as a young man , he felt something greater was calling him .
He quit the navy and began a search for meaning in his life , believing that God had a plan for him .


As the son of one of Canada ’s governor generals , Vanier grew up with a life of privilege .
But when he became friends with a priest in France who worked with the developmentally disabled , he was exposed to another world - a world where people were rejected , feared , or ignored because of their mental disabilities .
Vanier felt God wanted him to do something to address this form of prejudice .


So Vanier bought an old farmhouse , named it L’ Arche ( French for Noah ’s Ark ) , and invited two developmentally disabled men to come and live with him in a real home .
Without knowing it , Jean Vanier had started an international movement .
There are now more than 130 L’ Arche communities in thirty countries around the world .


That did n’t happen overnight or by itself .
Vanier traveled the globe , spreading his message that the mentally disabled would be better off living in communities instead of institutions - and that all of us would be better off if we shared our lives with people who challenge our way of thinking , and show us different perspectives .


We are all “ broken ” in different ways , says Vanier - meaning that we all have difficulty dealing with certain issues or seeing ourselves as we really are .
He believes living with the mentally disabled helps people deal with their own issues , learn compassion , and become better human beings .


For more than forty years , Jean Vanier has crisscrossed the world to inspire others to follow his example .
Besides the L’ Arche communities , he has helped found other organizations to help people with developmental disabilities and their families through faith and community support , and he has written more than twenty books explaining his life and philosophy .


While Vanier has been honored by governments and popes , and has received countless awards and medals , he continues to live in the original L’ Arche community in France , sharing his life with the disabled individuals and fellow volunteers he calls his friends .


~ ~ ~


* John F . Kennedy John F . Kennedy { { { 1


# [ John F . Kennedy ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1bef3c77 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1bef3c77 . jpg )


# # # A young , dynamic , and well - loved president , JFK was passionate about ending racial discrimination in America , creating nuclear arms treaties with Russia , and landing astronauts on the moon .
He was assassinated before all of his visions were realized .


*


“ Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country . ”
That was the challenge that John F . Kennedy gave to his fellow Americans after being elected president of the United States in 1960 .


Kennedy came from a wealthy and influential family , and attended the finest schools .
However , he was not a spoiled rich kid - he was a decorated war hero , and he became a strong and dynamic president .


One of the youngest presidents in American history , JFK ( as he was often called ) was handsome , vital , and full of dreams .
He wanted the United States to play a bigger role in the world , particularly by encouraging democracy and fighting poverty .
Kennedy spoke passionately about social justice in his own country , including an end to the ongoing racism against African - Americans .
And he had to fight with members of his own party over human rights issues .


JFK also had ambitions for the entire human race , stating that he wanted to see people landing on the moon within ten years .


As president , JFK ’s dreams faced many challenges , not the least of which was the tension between the U.S. and Russia that came to be known as the “ Cold War , ” leading to one crisis after another .
In 1962 , Kennedy faced what is known as the Cuban Missile Crisis .
It was one of two major confrontations during the Cold War period , and is generally regarded as the moment in which the Cold War came closest to turning into a nuclear conflict .


As well , the United States was being drawn into the problems of Vietnam , which would lead to an unpopular war .
Through it all , Kennedy continued to challenge and inspire Americans to change the world .


Then , just three years after being elected , JFK was assassinated .
Americans were in shock ; they could not believe their young and vital leader was dead .


In the face of tragedy , JFK ’s ambitious dreams lived on .
He had laid the groundwork for nuclear arms treaties with Russia , civil rights legislation that banned discrimination , and the Apollo space program that in 1969 landed the first human on the moon - just as JFK had dreamed .


Although historians recognize that Kennedy had to make a lot of compromises when it came to upholding his vision and principles , Americans remember him as a great leader and a man determined to help his country achieve greatness .


~ ~ ~


* Joseph Pulitzer Joseph Pulitzer { { { 1


# [ Joseph Pulitzer ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_580118d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_580118d . jpg )


# # # A journalist , investigative reporter , publisher , and advocate for freedom of the press , Joseph Pulitzer also started the first school of Journalism - at Columbia University - and created the famous Pulitzer Prizes for journalism and literature .


*


If Joseph Pulitzer had been born with better eyesight , or had n’t known how to play chess , our newspapers would not be the same today .
When he was a teenager in Hungary in the 1860s , Joseph decided to become a soldier , but his eyesight was so bad that no army would take him .
Finally , a recruiter from the United States signed him up to fight in the American Civil War .


After a year as a soldier , and having managed to survive the Civil War , Pulitzer stayed in America , working odd jobs and learning English .
Then , a chance meeting changed his life and changed the world of journalism forever .


As he was studying at the library in St . Louis , he saw two men playing chess .
He suggested a good move to one of them , and the three started up a conversation .
The two men were publishers of a newspaper , and they offered Pulitzer a job .


Joseph Pulitzer turned out to be a brilliant and hard - working reporter .
After a few years , he became publisher of the newspaper .
Then , after making one smart deal after another , he wound up owning the largest newspaper in the city - the St . Louis Post - Dispatch .


That ’s when Pulitzer ’s real genius came out .
He made his newspaper the voice of the common people , investigating gambling rackets , political corruption , and rich tax dodgers .
People loved this new , crusading style of journalism , and circulation soared .


Joseph Pulitzer kept working hard even after he had become very ill and his eyesight was nearly gone .
He believed that it was important for newspapers to serve a social purpose and help protect people from dishonesty and corruption .
After a few years , he was able to buy another newspaper , this time in New York , and bring his populist approach to an even larger audience .


In 1909 , his New York paper broke the story of one of the biggest political scandals in American history - $ 40 million in illegal payments in the Panama Canal deal .
The U.S. government tried to sue him , but Pulitzer stood firm and won an important victory for freedom of the press .


Joseph Pulitzer willed part of his fortune to establish the world ’s first school of journalism at New York ’s Columbia University .
He also set aside money for annual prizes for journalists and writers ; today , winning one of the famous Pulitzer Prizes makes you a superstar among writers .


Although he fell into journalism by accident , Joseph Pulitzer set standards that newspapers still strive to attain today .


~ ~ ~


* Laura Secord Laura Secord { { { 1


# [ Laura Secord ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_ma86b6c0 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_ma86b6c0 . jpg )


# # # In the early 1800s , when Laura Secord overheard American soldiers planning a sneak attack on a British / Canadian outpost , she traveled by foot through woods , fields , and rivers in enemy territory to warn the unsuspecting British and Canadian soldiers .


*


The United States was still a British colony when Laura Secord was born there in 1775 .
A year later , the United States rebelled against Britain in the War of Independence .
But some Americans , like Laura ’s father , stayed loyal to Britain and fought against the rebels .
Like many other “ Loyalists , ” he later moved his family to Canada , where the British still ruled .
They settled in the Niagara Peninsula , near Niagara Falls and the American border .


At that time , there was still a lot of tension between Canadians and Americans .
Then in 1812 , Britain and the United States went to war again , and this time the Americans tried to invade Canada .
Laura Secord ’s husband was seriously wounded in one of the early battles of that war , at nearby Queenston Heights .
She rushed to the battlefield , rescued him , and brought him home .
That was just the first example on record of her remarkable courage .


A year later , the war was turning into a seesaw struggle , with both sides trying to control the Niagara area .
The Americans had taken over Secord ’s neighborhood , and American officers would show up at her home demanding to be fed .


Apparently it was during one of these meals that Secord overheard them talking about their next military strategy - a surprise attack on a British / Canadian outpost twelve miles away .
With her disabled husband unable to help , it was up to Secord .
Did this petite , delicate - looking woman have the courage to sneak through enemy - held territory with her secret information ?


It turned out that she had not only the courage , but also the smarts and determination to achieve her goal .
Secord avoided American sentries on the roads by cutting through the woods , crossing rivers and fields on foot , without a map : ultimately covering more than twenty miles to reach her destination .


It took her all day and she arrived exhausted , but Laura Secord arrived in time .
When the Americans attacked the next day , they did n’t have a chance - the British and Canadian soldiers were waiting for them .


Laura Secord received no official thanks or recognition for her brave act until she was eighty - five years old , but today there are monuments in her honor , and history books credit her with helping Canada win the War of 1812 .


~ ~ ~


* Louis Braille Louis Braille { { { 1


# [ Louis Braille ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m705e1dc0 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m705e1dc0 . jpg )


# # # Blind from age three , Louis Braille learned to read at a school for the blind in Paris where , at that time , books for the blind could weigh as much as a hundred pounds !
Inspired by the indented dots on dice , he invented the Braille system of reading and writing .


*


In 1812 , a three - year - old boy was playing in his father ’s leather workshop in Coupvray , France when he had an accident that would change the world .
Louis Braille accidentally poked himself in the eye with an awl : The metal point blinded him in one eye and an infection soon left him totally blind .


Louis was a bright boy and won a scholarship to a school for the blind in Paris .
It was not a particularly nice place ; students were often fed bread and water and locked up for punishment .
Louis and the other blind children were taught various skills ( Louis became expert at playing the organ and cello ) , and they were taught to read .
At that time , books for the blind used raised letters with metal wires under the paper , and some of the books weighed one hundred pounds !


One day , a soldier visited the school and talked about a code system that he had invented in the French army .
It used raised dots and dashes on a piece of paper to allow soldiers to send each other messages in the dark while remaining silent .


Louis and the other children found the system too confusing , but the basic idea stuck in the boy ’s head .
He began experimenting with different ways of creating a language using raised dots on paper - and for this , he used the same awl that had blinded him !
One day , Louis Braille happened to pick up a pair of dice and feel the six dots on one side .
That ’s when inspiration struck him .
He soon developed a code for each letter of the alphabet , with numbers and symbols like periods and question marks , all using no more than six dots .


One great advantage of his system was that you could read each letter or symbol using the tip of your finger .
With practice , a reader could run his finger along a line and read very quickly .
The other big plus was that blind people using Braille ’s system could write as well as read .
His system opened up a whole new world !


It took many years for the Braille system to take off , and its popularity was still spreading when Louis died in 1852 \ .
Not many people can say that they invented an entire new system of reading and writing , but Louis Braille did .
What ’s more , his system was adopted around the world , and today is available in virtually every language that humans speak .


~ ~ ~


* Louis Pasteur Louis Pasteur { { { 1


# [ Louis Pasteur ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6bd49a9b . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6bd49a9b . jpg )


# # # Louis Pasteur ’s germ theory was a breakthrough in medicine .
He then went on to figure out how to prevent diseases by creating vaccines for cholera , smallpox , anthrax and rabies , and by developing a food - purification method called “ pasteurization . ”


*


Back in the 1800s , people typically did not live long and healthy lives .
Serious illness was very common , and people often died young .


French chemistry professor Louis Pasteur and his wife had five children , and three of them died in childhood of typhoid ( a disease caused by drinking water tainted with bacteria ) .
Unlike most people who simply accepted that the death of children was something that happened in most families , Pasteur made a vow to find out how illnesses like this worked , and to find a way to stop them .


At that time , there was a big debate in the medical profession about where illnesses came from : many people believed that “ bad ” particles just created themselves out of nowhere .
Pasteur helped prove once and for all that these particles \ - or germs - were carried in the air and would grow and multiply where they landed .


His findings led to ideas that seemed revolutionary then , like doctors washing their hands before operating on patients !
His germ theory alone would make Pasteur a great figure in science , but his work was only half done .
Now that he had shown where diseases came from , he set out to discover how to prevent the diseases , and cure them .


In the course of experimenting with chickens and deliberately giving them cholera , Pasteur discovered that cholera bacteria that had been left to grow old and weak would not make the birds very sick ; in fact , injections made the chickens immune to fresh cholera bacteria for the rest of their lives .


Pasteur had just invented the modern vaccine .
Louis Pasteur went on to create vaccines for other common diseases of the day , like anthrax , smallpox , and rabies .
He was hailed as a hero for saving countless lives and preventing untold misery .


But Pasteur made another discovery - one that has made him a household name to this very day .
He found that when milk and other foods went “ bad , ” it was because of the bacteria and mold that had begun to grow in them .
Most importantly , he proved that heating up the food would kill most of these microorganisms .


The process he developed for making food safer is called “ pasteurization , ” and today you ’ll find pasteurized milk , cheese , and other products in homes around the world .


Louis Pasteur kept his vow on behalf of his children , and saved innumerable families the death and pain that his family had suffered .


~ ~ ~


* Malcolm Gladwell Malcolm Gladwell { { { 1


# [ Malcolm Gladwell ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_713f951 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_713f951 . jpg )


# # # Malcolm Gladwell ’s first book , The Tipping Point , created a sensation : It contained original thinking with huge practical applications .
He followed that book with others that were equally creative , and just as successful .


*


“ Little things can make a big difference . ” “ Trust your gut and follow your instincts . ” “ Success usually comes down to hard work and learning from what other people have already done . ”


These familiar sayings are a lot more than just words to Malcolm Gladwell .
He has written a number of internationally bestselling books that use science and statistics to prove why such simple sayings are true .


Gladwell , who was born in England but raised in Canada , has been a newspaper and magazine writer for many years , but his books have made him famous .


His first book , The Tipping Point , demonstrates how small ideas and trends can build up into a huge force .
A catchy idea that gets out at the right time to well - connected people can literally change the world .
Using concrete examples , he shows how some products and brands get to be famous , seemingly overnight , and how we can use this same method to make important social issues into the topics everyone is talking about .


In his second book , Blink , Gladwell writes about our minds , and about how quickly our subconscious is able make good decisions .
In other words , our so - called “ gut instincts ” ( the thoughts and emotions we have without consciously thinking about them ) are usually reliable .
He also says that if you work at learning and practicing how to do something , you can tap the power of your subconscious to do it automatically - quickly and effectively .


In his third book , Outliers , Gladwell explains that while the extraordinary people we see changing the world have often had lucky breaks , we can nevertheless achieve amazing success by taking advantage of our opportunities and simply putting in the effort .
He demonstrates , through examples , that success usually comes after a long history of work by many people , each of them building on what others have done before - and he points out that we can all be part of that chain .


Malcolm Gladwell wants his work to inspire people .
He states , “ If you work hard enough and assert yourself , and use your mind and imagination , you can shape the world to your desires . ”
The “ working hard ” part is the key : “ Practice is n’t the thing you do once you ’re good ; it ’s the thing that makes you good . ”


Through his books , Gladwell has done what he advises other people to do - use one ’s ideas and efforts to make positive changes .
Time magazine has named him one of the one hundred most influential people in the world .


~ ~ ~


* Marie Curie Marie Curie { { { 1


# [ Marie Curie ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1e6778de . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m1e6778de . jpg )


# # # You must be an exceedingly clever scientist to win a Nobel Prize in chemistry or physics .
There is one person who won a Nobel Prize in both of these sciences .
What ’s more , she was a woman and she lived in an era when women were definitely not taken seriously in the world of science .


*


Marie was born in Poland in 1867 to a family of famous teachers , and seemed set to have an easy life .
But her mother and sister both died when she was a little girl , and her family lost all their money supporting Polish independence groups .


As a teenager and young adult , Marie , who was extremely intelligent , had to take whatever kind of work she could get in order to put herself through school .
She worked as a governess , teaching the children of a rich family , and fell in love with their son .
The family would not let him marry this penniless woman , and Marie was out of a job again .


She finally moved to Paris , where her sister was living , and where some of the best universities could be found .
Marie lived in a bare attic , tutoring at night , going to university in the day , and barely making ends meet .


Her luck changed when she met another science student named Pierre Curie .
They married and set up a laboratory together ; they both loved science so much that they hardly ever left their lab .


Now Marie Curie ’s brilliance had a chance to shine .
She began looking at radioactivity , which had just been discovered , and set up innovative experiments that proved how radiation came from atoms .
It was an enormous breakthrough , and she was still just a student .


In the years to come , she and her husband made more discoveries - including the important fact that uranium is not the only radioactive mineral .
In fact , Marie Curie discovered a previously unknown mineral that she named “ polonium ” in honor of her native Poland .


Although women were not taken seriously in the world of science in the late 1800s , no one could ignore the important discoveries that Marie Curie was making .
She and her husband shared the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1903 , making her the first woman to ever receive this prestigious award .
Then , in 1911 , she won her second Nobel Prize , this one for Chemistry .


Marie Curie became the most famous woman scientist of all time , but all of those years working with radiation took their toll .
She died of anemia brought on by radiation poisoning when she was sixty - six .


~ ~ ~


* Martin Luther King , Jr . Martin Luther King , Jr . { { { 1


# [ Martin Luther King , Jr . ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5a2cec6b . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_5a2cec6b . jpg )


# # # Martin Luther King , Jr . , highly intelligent , well educated , and a believer in the philosophy of Mahatma Gandhi , was the voice of the civil rights movement in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s .


*


“ I have a dream , ” announced Reverend Martin Luther King , Jr . in his most famous speech .
His dream was that one day all people would be treated equally , regardless of their race , color , or religion .
It was a dream to which he dedicated his life , and it ultimately led to his murder .


Martin Luther King , Jr . was a highly intelligent young man , and skipped several grades in school before getting three university degrees and becoming a preacher at age twenty - five .
The year was 1954 , and the civil rights movement was just gaining steam in the United States .


As his fellow African - Americans were beaten or even killed for daring to try to vote or to aspire to the same rights as white people , King became deeply involved in the civil rights movement .


In 1955 , he led a boycott of the bus system in Montgomery , Alabama - one of many public transportation systems that required black people to sit at the back and give their seats up for white people .


Dr . King helped organize other religious leaders into a powerful , united voice that opposed racial discrimination , and demanded equal rights and justice .
He adopted the philosophy of the great civil rights leader Mahatma Gandhi , who taught that the way to oppose violence was with non - violence , and that quiet , peaceful protests would accomplish more than fighting .


This was not easy to do , since protestors were often violently attacked by police , and many civil rights workers were murdered for their efforts to fight racism .


At marches , sit - ins , boycotts , and other nonviolent protests , Dr . King would give impassioned speeches .
His calls for justice and equality were so powerful that he inspired many Americans , both black and white , to join his cause .
His greatest moment came at a huge march in Washington , D.C. in 1963 , where his “ I have a dream ” speech electrified the whole nation .


In 1964 , the United States finally passed a civil rights law , and Dr . King won the Nobel Peace Prize for his part in that victory .


Although Dr . King continued to receive death threats , he kept on fighting for social justice .
During his last speech , in 1968 , he assured the crowd that black Americans would reach “ the promised land ” of equality . . .but that he might not get there with them .
The very next day , Reverend Martin Luther King , Jr . was assassinated .


He is remembered as the greatest hero of the American civil rights movement .


~ ~ ~


* Martti Ahtisaari Martti Ahtisaari { { { 1


# [ Martti Ahtisaari ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7fbb5b0d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_7fbb5b0d . jpg )


# # # On the basis of his reputation as an avid peacemaker who had been sent by the United Nations to many parts of the globe to help resolve conflicts and support international peace efforts , Martti Ahtisaari was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2008 .


*


Catholics and Protestants fighting in Northern Ireland . . . tensions between Kosovo and Serbia in Central Europe . . . battles between nations and tribes in Africa . . . bloodshed in Indonesia - all of these conflicts have one thing in common - in each case , the opposing sides were brought closer to peace by the same man : Martti Ahtisaari .


Who would have thought that Martti was destined to be a global peacemaker when he was born in a small village in Finland just before World War II ?
But as a young man , Martti showed a special talent for languages and for teaching - he seemed to be able to reach out to people and help them understand things .


When he took a teaching job in Pakistan , giving English lessons and helping train other teachers , Martti Ahtisaari ’s eyes were opened to the power of nations to help one another .
Upon returning to Finland , he started working for the government , first helping diplomats , and then becoming one himself .


That was when Ahtisaari ’s ability to speak five languages and his capacity to see all sides of an issue really began to shine .
Soon , he was traveling the world , helping to support international peace efforts .
At first , he represented his home nation of Finland , but the United Nations soon recognized his talents and sent him to many parts of the world to help resolve conflicts .


Ahtisaari ’s work was challenging and sometimes dangerous ; he often had to persuade armed and angry groups to calm down enough to talk to one another .
On one mission in South Africa , he narrowly escaped being attacked by government agents .


At one point , he turned from peacemaker to politician and was elected president of Finland for six years .
He used his position to work with other nations and urge more international cooperation .


Since then , Martti Ahtisaari has continued to work tirelessly for peace , and has created a non - profit group dedicated to ending conflict .
In recognition of his success in helping to end violence and to get opposing groups talking , he has been given many major awards .
In 2008 , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts in resolving international conflicts .


Ahtisaari likes to point out that conflict is part of everyday life , but so are mediation and the desire for peace .
It just depends , he says , on which path you choose to follow .


~ ~ ~


* Mattie Stepanek Mattie Stepanek { { { 1


# [ Mattie Stepanek ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m68415995 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m68415995 . jpg )


# # # Mattie Stepanek was a remarkable child who wrote inspirational poetry , raised funds for muscular dystrophy , and was an advocate and fundraiser for children with disabilities and for world peace .


*


Becoming an internationally known peace advocate at a young age is impressive .
Having seven books on the bestseller list is even more remarkable .
Doing all of that before the age of fourteen is nothing short of amazing !


Mattie Stepanek did all of that and more - and who knows how much more he could have done if he had lived past his teenage years .
Mattie was born with a rare form of muscular dystrophy , a disease that also killed his sister and two brothers in early childhood .
In Mattie ’s case , he was a month short of his fourteenth birthday when he died .


In his few years of life , Mattie made a bigger impact than most people do in an extended lifetime .
Although he knew his time on Earth was going to be limited , Mattie was determined to keep a positive and hopeful attitude .


He began writing inspirational poetry when he was three years old to help him cope with his brothers ’ deaths .
The poems were so beautiful that his mother sent them to a publisher .
That book , and six more collections of poems and essays by Mattie , became bestsellers and brought comfort to millions of readers .


All of Mattie ’s writing was based on his belief that each of us has a “ heart song ” - a special gift that we can give to others , and that this gift is the reason we were born .


Mattie used the fame he earned from the success of his poetry to help raise funds for fighting muscular dystrophy , and to become an advocate for world peace and for aid for children with disabilities .
He made a wide circle of friends and supporters , including Oprah Winfrey and country singer Billy Gilman .


Although he had such a short life , Mattie ’s beliefs and work live on after him .
The many foundations and programs dedicated to his memory have helped literally millions of people around the world through scholarships and programs for peace .
His poetry has been set to music and performed at major concert halls .
There are peace gardens , exhibits , and statues commemorating his life and his philosophy that all the world needs is “ just peace . ”


At Mattie ’s funeral , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said that he had met kings and queens , presidents and prime ministers , but that the most remarkable person he had ever met in his life was Mattie Stepanek .


~ ~ ~


* Maude Abbott Maude Abbott { { { 1


# [ Maude Abbott ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_68cbdaea . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_68cbdaea . jpg )


# # # Maude Abbott wanted to become a doctor at a time when women were not allowed to study medicine .
Eventually , she became not only a doctor but also a world - renowned expert on heart disease .


*


In the late 1800s , women in Canada were supposed to become wives and mothers .
A few might be nurses or primary school teachers , but most careers were closed to them simply because of their gender .
This kind of sexism was common around the world .


Things were just starting to change when Maude Abbott was born in Quebec in 1869 , only two years after Confederation .
Although she came from a famous family ( her cousin , James Abbott , became prime minister ) , Maude had a difficult childhood .
First her father abandoned the family and then her mother died , and she was raised by her grandparents .


Maude was a very bright girl who dared to dream of achieving something more than a traditional role .
She wanted to become a doctor .
However , although she was admitted to university ( she was part of only the third class of women at McGill University ) , Maude Abbott was not allowed to study medicine because she was a woman .


Eventually , she found a school that would let her earn her medical degree .
Then , she went on to study in Europe .
With all of that education and her powerful brain , Maude Abbott became more than just a doctor - she became a medical genius !


Back in Canada , Dr . Abbott published the first of more than 140 books and papers , most of them on heart disease .
Eventually , she was recognized as a world expert in her field .
At that point , McGill University accepted her , giving her an honorary medical degree and a job as a professor .
She set up their medical museum , which became an important research center .


Dr . Abbott had to fight hard to earn recognition , and she wanted other women to be treated more fairly .
She helped found the Federation of Medical Women of Canada to support and encourage women in medicine .
She spent so much time helping others , and had so much energy to give , that she became known by the nickname “ The Beneficent Tornado . ”


To this day , Dr . Maude Abbott is still helping young women and all medical students - through her books , the McGill museum , and the scholarships awarded in her name .
She was a medical pioneer and a giant in the field of heart disease , but it is her generous spirit as much as her accomplishments that keep her memory alive today .


~ ~ ~


* Maya Angelou Maya Angelou { { { 1


# [ Maya Angelou ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a93e37 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a93e37 . jpg )


# # # Though her life as a child and teenager was dark and difficult , Maya Angelou emerged to become a world - renowned writer as well as a poet , dancer , singer , songwriter , film director , and activist .


*


Maya Angelou has a straightforward philosophy of life : “ If you do n’t like something , change it .
If you ca n’t change it , change your attitude . ”


You can see the results of that thinking in the remarkable path of her life , which has taken her from a childhood of abuse and broken homes , through teenage years marked by prostitution and crime , to her current life as one of the most respected writers in the world .


Maya Angelou was almost lost for good during the early , dark times of her life .
She was sexually abused by her mother ’s boyfriend at age eight and although she had the courage to speak out , her attacker served only one day in jail .
He was later found murdered , and Maya suspected her own family had killed the man .
The young girl blamed the power of her voice for ending a life , and refused to speak for nearly five years !


This and other tragedies left Angelou a frightened and bitter young woman .
She might have sunk into a desperate life of crime for good if it were not for one person - a teacher who introduced her to great books .


Angelou devoured Shakespeare , Dickens , and other classic authors ’ works , and discovered a love of language and ideas .
It renewed her faith in herself and the world , and set her on the path to making the most of her life .
She determined to improve the world around her , and to improve herself along the way .


With her strong will and work ethic , Maya Angelou succeeded everywhere - touring the world as a dancer , starring on Broadway as a singer , editing newspapers and magazines , writing songs and composing scores for movies , being nominated for a Pulitzer Prize for her poetry , and becoming the first black woman in the United States to have a screenplay produced and to direct a major film .


Maya Angelou is also a bestselling author .
Her autobiographical books , including I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , have won critical acclaim around the world .


Along the way , Angelou has lived up to her philosophy of trying to bring about positive change in the world .
She played a major role in the civil rights movement in the United States , and has dedicated much of her life to fighting racism through education and political involvement .


Maya Angelou changed her attitude as a teenager , and she has since changed the world .


~ ~ ~


* Michael Jordan Michael Jordan { { { 1


# [ Michael Jordan ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_30c99573 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_30c99573 . jpg )


# # # Although he was already an outstanding athlete , in Grade 10 Michael Jordan was told he would n’t be picked for the varsity basketball team - and would never make it as a college or professional player - because he was too short .


*


It now seems incredible that anyone ever told the boy who would become the greatest basketball player in history that he was never going to make it as a professional , but that is exactly what happened to the legendary Michael Jordan .


Today , Jordan is described by most experts as the best player to ever pick up a basketball .
His list of awards , records , scoring titles , most - valuable - player trophies , Olympic gold medals , NBA championships , and other honors goes on for several pages .
When the TV sports channel ESPN conducted a poll of sports journalists , they voted Michael Jordan the number one athlete in any sport of the past one hundred years !


Yet in high school , Jordan could n’t even make the varsity basketball team .
He was already an outstanding athlete in basketball , football , and baseball , but when he tried out for the senior basketball team in Grade 10 , the coaches told him he was simply too short .
He was told that , at 5 ’ 11 ” ( 183 cm ) , he was never going to make it as a college or professional player .


Some people might have taken that judgment to heart and lost their self - confidence , but Michael Jordan took it as a challenge , and decided he would prove the coaches wrong .
He took his dedication to the sport to the next level , practicing and working out in every spare moment .
In Grade 11 , Michael was on the basketball team .
In Grade 12 , he was named one of the best high school basketball players in the United States .


As a star player in university , Michael Jordan had another turning point in his life when he scored the winning basket at the last second in a U.S. college championship game .
That boost to his self - esteem never faded , and Jordan says he has never doubted himself since then .


Going on to win more championships at the college and professional levels , and setting records that may never be broken , Michael Jordan traces much of his success back to the lesson he learned in high school - when someone tells you that you ca n’t accomplish something , it simply means that you have to try harder .


~ ~ ~


* Michael Faraday Michael Faraday { { { 1


# [ Michael Faraday ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_dda3a59 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_dda3a59 . jpg )


# # # The son of a blacksmith , born in England in 1791 , Michael Faraday was a self - educated genius with a passion for science and invention .


*


The great genius Albert Einstein used to keep three photographs on his desk : one of Sir Isaac Newton ( who discovered gravity ) ; one of James Maxwell ( who proved how electricity , magnetism , and light are all related ) ’ and one of Michael Faraday .


That ’s pretty good company for the son of a blacksmith who had virtually no education .


Michael did n’t have much hope of a decent schooling : boys from the lower classes in England in the 1700s went to work , not school .
But bright young Michael caught a lucky break when he was apprenticed to a book dealer , and was allowed to read as much as he wanted .


Even though he was self - educated , it was obvious that Michael was highly intelligent .
He started going to lectures by a famous chemist , Humphry Davy , and wrote a 300 - page book based on Davy ’s ideas !


The great scientist was flattered and ended up hiring Faraday as an assistant .
In those days , a lower - class person like Michael Faraday was not considered a “ gentleman ” - on a trip to Europe , he had to act as Davy ’s valet and live with the servants .


Although the odds were against him , and he was often treated unfairly by his social superiors , Faraday kept working hard and earning his way up the ladder of success .
In fact , he worked so hard and so brilliantly that his lower - class roots were eventually forgotten , and he became a giant of English science .


His discoveries about the nature of gases , how electricity and light interact , and other fundamental rules of chemistry and physics literally changed the world .
The electric motors used around the world today were made possible by Michael Faraday ’s work .
The Bunsen burners you still find in modern laboratories were just one of his inventions .


But Faraday was also a dedicated public servant , and used his great intelligence to help build a better world .
He became an expert in preventing explosions in coal mines , in building lighthouses to keep ships safe , and in fighting the industrial pollution ruining England ’s environment .


The only time he failed to help his country was when he was asked to help invent chemical weapons : the very religious Faraday refused to use his genius for war .


In old age , Michael Faraday was a national hero .
A grateful government gave him a free house and income for the rest of his life .


No wonder Albert Einstein looked up to him !


~ ~ ~


* Michael J . Fox Michael J . Fox { { { 1


# [ Michael J . Fox ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m783db067 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m783db067 . jpg )


# # # As a teenager , Canadian Michael J . Fox became a Hollywood star and his acting career took off like a rocket .
But at the height of his career , though still young , he was struck down by Parkinson ’s disease .


*


When Michael J . Fox wrote his memoir , he called the book Lucky Man .
Some people might have been surprised at that title .


After all , Fox was hit at an early age by Parkinson ’s disease - a brain disorder that usually affects older people .
As a result , he suffers from severe tremors and twitches , painful rigidity , and muscle spasms that get worse every year .
The disease pretty much destroyed his highly successful acting career .


But the full title of Fox ’s book says it all : it is Lucky Man : Adventures of an Incurable Optimist .
Fox looks at the bright side of everything , including his disease .


It ’s easy to see how Michael J . Fox could have been an optimist when he was younger .
The Edmonton , Alberta native was only eighteen when his acting career took off and swept him to Hollywood .


After only a few small movie parts , Michael got the opportunity of a lifetime - a key role in a major new TV series , Family Ties .
As the character Alex Keaton , he became a major star .


That led to another huge break : the starring role in the Back to the Future films .
Soon , he was starring in everything from comedies to romances to action movies , not to mention more leading TV roles in series like Spin City .
He even provided the voice for the animated title character in the Stuart Little films .


In the middle of all of that success . . . with money , fame , Emmy Awards and Golden Globes pouring in . . .
Michael J . Fox learned that he had Parkinson ’s .
Within a few years , the disease was too severe for him to be able to hide the symptoms , and his high - flying career crashed down to earth .


While many people would have given in to anger or despair , Fox focused on the positive impact on his life , describing his condition as a “ gift ” - an opportunity , not a life sentence .


He quit drinking , got more involved with his family , and became a powerful advocate and fundraiser for Parkinson ’s research .
He formed a foundation to support research and fought against politicians who want to restrict it .
Now the whole focus of his life is finding a cure for Parkinson ’s .


Fox has told interviewers that his life has much more meaning and purpose now , and that he treasures every day .
For now , Parkinson ’s remains incurable , but so does the endless optimism of Michael J . Fox .


~ ~ ~


* Michaelle Jean Michaelle Jean { { { 1


# [ Michaelle Jean ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m226dd4f8 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m226dd4f8 . jpg )


# # # Michaelle Jean has had a variety of interesting roles in her life .
Compassionate and caring , she has always used them to support her advocacy for freedom , equality , and justice .


*


The year 1968 was a dangerous and frightening time to live in Haiti .
Dictator François Duvalier was jailing and torturing anyone who spoke out against his brutal government .


Many victims and their families tried to escape , and a lucky few made it to Canada .
That ’s how a little girl named Michaelle Jean wound up in the small Quebec town of Thetford Mines .


She grew into a beautiful , well - educated woman who could speak half a dozen languages .
Although Jean now enjoyed a peaceful , prosperous life , she never forgot the suffering she had seen - her father tortured , poor people oppressed , women and children brutalized .


So Michaelle Jean worked at a women ’s shelter and with new immigrants to Canada , helping others improve their lives .
She began a successful career as a radio / TV broadcaster and filmmaker , and used her position there to shine a light on injustice and suffering around the world .


As she worked to build a network of women ’s shelters across Canada and write about the hardships of immigrant women , Jean used her remarkable brain , but led with her heart .
She became known for her sympathy for anyone fighting on the side of freedom and equality .


Then , in 2005 , her reputation for caring and compassion led to an amazing opportunity ; a chance to make an even bigger difference in the world .
It came in the form of an invitation from the Government of Canada , asking if Michaelle Jean \ - the former immigrant girl from Haiti - would like to be the next governor general !


As the Queen ’s official representative in Canada , she met world leaders , hosted important conferences , and traveled the globe as a spokesperson for the nation .


But most importantly , in this position Jean was able to lead and inspire others to follow her example .
As governor general , she dedicated herself to breaking down barriers - between French and English , black and white , rich and poor , east and west , north and south .


After her term as governor general came to an end , Michaelle Jean was chosen by the United Nations to be a special envoy for her homeland of Haiti , giving her a fresh opportunity to help tackle the challenges in that troubled country .


She continues to lead with her heart , lending her voice and energy to care for the underprivileged , and helping to make the world a better , more caring place .


~ ~ ~


* Mohamed ElBaradei Mohamed ElBaradei { { { 1


# [ Mohamed ElBaradei ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4b14b9a1 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m4b14b9a1 . jpg )


# # # Elected three times as head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Mohamed ElBaradei advocates for the peaceful use of nuclear energy and the reduction of nuclear weapons .


*


“ If the world does not change course , we risk self - destruction . ”


Mohamed ElBaradei believes that nuclear weapons may destroy all the people in the world unless we change our ways .
He has dedicated his life to helping the world change course , and choose a smarter way to use nuclear energy .


Growing up in Egypt , Mohamed ElBaradei was inspired by his father , who fought for democracy and free speech .
Young Mohamed determined to follow in his father ’s footsteps and help make a difference .


First as a lawyer , then as a teacher and diplomat , the younger ElBaradei looked for ways to promote peace and justice .
Then , in the mid - 1980s , his life changed . . . and the whole world would change as a result !


In 1984 , ElBaradei got a job with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , which is a group set up by the United Nations to keep an eye on how countries are using nuclear technology .
After a few years , he was promoted to head of the Agency , and he began to transform the way it worked .


ElBaradei secured more power for the IAEA , which allowed it to get tougher on countries that broke the rules .
He challenged governments when they tried to lie about their nuclear weapons programs , or to hide problems with their atomic power plants .


Mohamed ElBaradei really stirred things up when he stood up to the United States , which wanted to go to war with Iraq .
He insisted that the Americans were wrong about Iraq building nuclear weapons and said war was not justified .


From helping keep nuclear fuel out of the hands of terrorists , to encouraging countries to help each other to fight cancer with nuclear medicine , Dr . ElBaradei has taken on one tough issue after another .
The countries of the world have re - elected him to three straight terms as head of the IAEA .


Mohamed ElBaradei has also chalked up one award after another from grateful nations and groups that saw how he was reducing the nuclear threat .
In 2005 , he and his UN Agency were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ( ElBaradei donated his share of the prize money to building orphanages in his home city of Cairo ) .


Today , as one of the world ’s leading experts on the peaceful use of atomic power , Mohamed ElBaradei continues to spread his message .
Pointing out that we could feed the entire world by using just one per cent of the money spent on nuclear weapons , he challenges people to choose peace .


~ ~ ~


* Mahatma Gandhi Mahatma Gandhi { { { 1


# [ Mahatma Gandhi ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3b6ddcf4 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3b6ddcf4 . jpg )


# # # Mohandas “ Mahatma ” Gandhi was a peaceful warrior who fought for India ’s independence , and for social justice for India ’s people .
To the rest of the world , he demonstrated the power of non - violent protest as an effective way to fight oppression .


*


All over the world , people use non - violent protests to fight for justice - they march , sing , sit , and either refuse to cooperate or to resist when authorities try to move them .
This form of protest is popular because it is often successful and because it does not involve violence .


One man is given credit for proving the power of non - violent protests - Mahatma Gandhi .


Nearly a hundred years ago , Mohandas Gandhi ( who came to be known later in life as Mahatma , or “ great soul ” ) was a lawyer from India who cared deeply about social injustice .
He first got involved in protests while working in South Africa , where the Indian population was oppressed along with other non - whites .


On his return to India , Gandhi saw that his country was filled with unfairness , too - classes and castes oppressed each other , and the ruling British imposed their rules on everyone .


With his experience and quietly powerful personality , Gandhi soon became leader of the protest movement demanding fair treatment and Indian independence from England .
He knew that violent protests would only give authorities an excuse to crack down on everyone involved , and to arrest or harm protestors .


So , Gandhi developed the idea of non - violent protests .
Under his leadership , huge crowds would march vast distances or peacefully occupy a public space .
His methods attracted a lot of media attention and embarrassed the authorities , who looked bad in the public eye if they arrested people who were n’t even resisting .
Gandhi himself staged hunger strikes to back up his demands for justice , often coming near to death .


Through years of struggle , Gandhi and his followers won one battle after another - fairer taxes , less discrimination , better relations between religious groups , less poverty , and more rights for women .
But they paid a terrible price , with thousands of people killed or injured by police and soldiers , and tens of thousands arrested .


Gandhi ’s last struggle , for Indian independence , was the hardest one .
He and his family , along with their closest supporters , were imprisoned for years .
Gandhi ’s wife died and the Mahatma himself was nearly killed by malaria .


Independence finally came in 1947 , thanks largely to Gandhi ’s leadership and courage .


But the British cut the nation into two parts , India and Pakistan , sparking violence and starvation that killed hundreds of thousands of people .
If Gandhi had not stepped in personally , it would have been even worse .


The Mahatma was assassinated in 1948 while leading a prayer meeting .
He died as he lived , seeking peace .


~ ~ ~


* Mother Teresa Mother Teresa { { { 1


# [ Mother Teresa ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49239163 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m49239163 . jpg )


# # # How did a young girl from Albania , armed only with compassion , become world - renowned and a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize ?


*


Even when Agnes Bojaxhiu was a little girl in Albania , she had a big heart .
She longed to make things better for people , and she wanted to live in India , where she knew there was sickness and poverty .


When she grew up , Agnes decided to become a nun and dedicate her life to helping people in need .
As a nun , she took a new name , Sister Teresa , and a new job teaching near the poorest area of Calcutta , India .


She had made her dream come true but wanted to do much more .
So she asked for permission to start her own group of nuns .
Her group would go right into the slums and take care of the very poorest and sickest people .


Sister Teresa started orphanages and schools for children in need , and treated every child as her own .
She also opened hospitals for people who could n’t afford medical care .
People started to call her “ Mother Teresa , ” and many were inspired to support her or join her efforts .


But Sister Teresa ’s big heart demanded she do even more .
She personally walked the slums of Calcutta , comforting the people there .
She would sit down next to people , hold their hands , or take their faces between her hands and look at them with love .


She even did this with lepers ( people suffering from the painful and often contagious skin disease called leprosy ) .
Sister Teresa touched the people no one else would touch - the forgotten people , who needed love most .
“ There are poor people everywhere , ” she said , “ but the deepest poverty is not being loved . ”


Her remarkable compassion touched people ’s hearts , and word began to spread .
Newspapers started writing about “ The Saint of The Gutters ” and , before long , Mother Teresa was known all over the world .


She was given the Nobel Peace Prize for her work but always gave credit to other people and to God .
Her advice was to do little things to help others , with love .
“ There are many people who can do big things , ” she said , “ but there are very few people who will do the small things . ”


By doing the small things with love , Mother Teresa changed the world .
She died in 1997 , at age eighty - seven , and many consider her to have been a real - life saint .


~ ~ ~


* Nelson Mandela Nelson Mandela { { { 1


# [ Nelson Mandela ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m351363bf . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m351363bf . jpg )


# # # After twenty - seven years in prison , Nelson Mandela was elected president of his country .
His primary goal was to convince blacks and whites of the power and wisdom of forgiveness .


*


When Nelson Mandela was young , racism was not only perfectly legal in South Africa , it was the law !


Black people were not allowed to vote , go to the same schools , shop in the same stores , or live in the same areas as white people .
The system was called apartheid , and people were jailed if they spoke out against it .


Mandela was one of many people who fought against apartheid .
At first , as a young lawyer , he tried to combat it through the legal system .
But he got so angry with the beatings , murders , and other mistreatment of black people that he started urging them to fight back . . . to meet violence with violence .


As a result of his actions , he was arrested and sentenced to prison for life .
Even in prison , because he was black , he got worse treatment than the white prisoners - poor food , hard labor such as breaking rocks in the hot sun , and only one letter or visitor every six months .


Nelson Mandela spent twenty - seven years in those terrible conditions .
In the meantime , the world outside South Africa became more aware of , and more opposed to , apartheid .
Around the globe , people and governments demanded justice , including freedom for Mandela .


Finally , the South African government gave in - they agreed to end apartheid , have an election where everyone could vote , and let Nelson Mandela go free .


Over the years , Nelson Mandela had become a symbol of the fight against oppression .
Most people expected him to come out of prison angrier than ever ; they thought he would call on black people to seek revenge .


But Mandela had spent all those years thinking about everything he had seen , and he had changed his mind about fighting and hating .
He wanted to find a way to work together with whites , to build a “ rainbow nation ” where every person would be equal , like the colors in a rainbow .


In the first free election in South Africa , Mandela was elected president .
He worked to get black and white people to forgive each other for bad things they had done in the past .


“ If you want to make peace with your enemy , you have to work with your enemy , ” he said .
“ Then he becomes your partner . ”


Nelson Mandela was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 .
The man who had lost so much had taught his nation , and the world , the importance and power of forgiveness .


~ ~ ~


* Norman Bethune Norman Bethune { { { 1


# [ Norman Bethune ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m380da58c . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m380da58c . jpg )


# # # Besides being a medical doctor and an inventor in his field , Norman Bethune was a compassionate and courageous humanitarian who worked on the battlefront not only in World War I , but also in the Spanish Civil War and the Chinese Civil War .


*


If you visit China , you wo n’t find many statues of non - Chinese heroes .
One of the few exceptions is the statue of a Canadian , Dr . Norman Bethune .


Norman came from a well - to - do family but always wanted to help those less fortunate than himself .
Going to university in the early 1900s in Toronto , he interrupted his studies twice - once to go and teach English to immigrant mine laborers in northern Ontario , and again to volunteer to carry wounded soldiers on the battlefront in World War I .


Norman had a brain equal to his big heart and , after becoming a doctor , he went on to invent or perfect several tools used in surgery .
One of them , the Bethune Rib Shears , is still used today .


While he became a very successful surgeon , Dr . Bethune still devoted most of his time and energy to helping others .
During the Great Depression of the 1930s , he treated poor people for free , and tried to convince colleagues and governments to provide better care for the needy .


When fascists tried to seize power in the Spanish Civil War , Dr . Bethune volunteered for the democratic side .
He saw many soldiers bleed to death on the battlefields before they could be taken to field hospitals , so he invented the world ’s first portable transfusion unit , saving countless lives .


Just a few years later , Norman Bethune was volunteering again , this time to help the communist side in the Chinese Civil War , then staying on to help during China ’s war with the Japanese .
He did everything from performing emergency battlefield surgery to establishing training programs for doctors and nurses , and organizing medical services .


Norman Bethune was known for helping anyone who needed him , and for putting the lives and health of others before his own .
He died of blood poisoning after cutting his finger while performing an emergency surgery in 1939 .


The story of this selfless man might have been forgotten , but Chinese leader Mao Zedong wrote a story about Dr . Bethune and it became required reading in every school in China .
Even today , decades after his death , Norman Bethune is remembered and honored across the nation he gave his life to help .


In Canada , Dr . Bethune has been inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame , been honored with a Canadian stamp , had schools named after him , and been the subject of films and TV shows .


Both nations remember him as a medical pioneer and a noble humanitarian .


~ ~ ~


* Norman Borlaug Norman Borlaug { { { 1


# [ Norman Borlaug ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_192a1b3f . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_192a1b3f . jpg )


# # # Norman Borlaug acted on his conviction that increasing the world ’s food supply is a huge and essential contributor to world peace .


*


Ninety - eight people have won the Nobel Peace Prize for their contributions to the human race .
Only one of them - Norman Borlaug - is also a member of the U.S. National Wrestling Hall of Fame .


Born to farmers in rural America , Norman was a farmer to his boots - a big , strong youth who loved the land .
He might have stayed a farmer all his life , except for two factors .
First , he was an exceptional amateur wrestler - a talent that gave him the opportunity to travel and put on exhibition matches .
He also credits his wrestling with teaching him to never give up .


Second , he was influenced by his grandfather , who encouraged him to get an education .
He told Norman , “ You ’re wiser to fill your head now if you want to fill your belly later on . ”


So Borlaug worked his way through university , studying forestry .
His summer jobs took him around the U.S. during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
He saw many people literally starving to death , and he realized how easy it was to take food for granted .


When he heard a scientist lecture about breeding plants to fight disease and parasites , Norman Borlaug put the two ideas together - realizing that breeding better crops could help stop people from starving .


That mission became the focus of his life , and Borlaug left farming and wrestling behind .
The star athlete became a star pupil , earning a PhD in plant pathology and genetics .


As a scientist , Dr . Borlaug made one discovery after another , developing new strains of wheat that grew healthier , faster , and easier than existing wheat .
Working in Mexico , he helped that country go from being short of wheat to having enough to sell to the world .


Dr . Borlaug then took his improved wheat to India and Pakistan , countries that were facing a major famine .
Despite a long list of challenges , including a war between the two nations , Dr . Borlaug got his super crop to produce the best yields ever seen .
The terrible famine was greatly reduced , and Norman Borlaug was credited with saving millions of lives .


People called his new ideas about plants a “ Green Revolution , ” and his theories spread around the world , helping to prevent starvation , the destruction of forests , and fighting over food supplies .
In 1970 , Norman Borlaug was awarded the Nobel Prize in recognition of his contributions to world peace through increasing food supply .


Until his death in 2009 , he kept sharing his message that the future of civilization depends on everyone having enough food .


~ ~ ~


* Oprah Winfrey Oprah Winfrey { { { 1


# [ Oprah Winfrey ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c114ebf . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1c114ebf . jpg )


# # # It may well be that no other person in history has risen so far - from such poverty and despair to such wealth and fame - as Oprah Winfrey .


*


Born to a single , teenage mother in rural Mississippi , Oprah was raised by her grandmother until the age of six .
The family was so poor that Oprah sometimes had to wear dresses made from potato sacks .
Things did n’t improve much when Oprah went to live with her mother .
They lived in a poor neighborhood and struggled to afford decent food and clothes .


It was n’t only the grinding poverty and the open prejudice against black people that made her childhood so tough ; Oprah was beaten and sexually abused by family members .
At age thirteen , she ran away from home .
By fourteen , she was pregnant ( her baby died shortly after it was born ) , and she got involved with drugs and emotionally abusive men .


But Oprah Winfrey had a spirit that would not be destroyed , and a mind that yearned to be free .
Out of her troubled past came a young woman determined to learn , grow , and succeed in life .


Oprah became a top student in high school , and started winning public - speaking contests .
She was so good at speaking that she won a university scholarship , and so beautiful that she won the state beauty pageant .


Her big break came when a local radio station offered this bright , well spoken , and determined young woman a part - time job in the newsroom .
After that , it was n’t long before Winfrey ’s hard work and talent earned her a spot in television news .
She got so involved in her stories , sometimes crying along with guests who were having trouble , that the television station decided to move her to a talk show .
Oprah Winfrey never looked back .


Winfrey took a struggling TV talk show in Chicago to the number one spot in the city , then to the top - rated spot in the entire United States .
Within a few years , Oprah Winfrey had the most viewers of any talk show in history , and was on her way to launching a series of successful TV and radio shows , magazines , websites , charities , and the world ’s most influential book club .


A millionaire by age thirty , and now a billionaire , Winfrey is often described as one of the most powerful people in the world , and one of the most generous .
Never forgetting her roots , Oprah Winfrey helps people around the world and encourages others to appreciate and share their good fortune .


~ ~ ~


* Paulo Coelho Paulo Coelho { { { 1


# [ Paulo Coelho ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_316dd2f5 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_316dd2f5 . jpg )


# # # The most widely published Brazilian author of all time , Paulo Coelho has sold close to 100 million copies of his books and has also been a theater director , an actor , a songwriter , and a journalist .


*


When Paulo Coelho told his parents he wanted to be a writer , they thought he was crazy - literally .
The Brazilian teenager ’s parents had him committed to an insane asylum !


Paulo escaped three times before he was finally released and ready to follow a more normal path through life .
He then enrolled in law school , as his parents desired .


But his creative instinct was too strong to be locked away , either behind bars or inside his own life .
He had to break free .
So Paulo dropped out of school , became a hippie , and traveled around Brazil looking for his inspiration .
He found it through music and started writing amazing , strange , and wonderful songs .
Soon , Paulo Coelho ’s work was being recorded by some of the biggest singing stars in Brazil .


Unfortunately , the oppressive military government at that time thought his songs were too subversive because they talked about freedom and defying authority .
Coelho was arrested and tortured for his beliefs .


However , nothing would stop him from using his creative powers .
Years after his release , Coelho went for a walk - a 500 - mile walk along a road in northern Spain .


He used the time to reflect on his life , and he came to the realization that he still wanted to be a writer .


So even though he was now middle - aged , Paulo Coelho started on a new career as a novelist .
His first two books went nowhere , but his third book , The Alchemist , made world history .
It has sold more than sixty million copies ( one of the bestselling books ever written ) , and holds the world record for being translated into more languages - seventy - one - than any other book by a living author .


Since then , Coelho has written more than two dozen books , sharing his unique world view with readers everywhere .
He has also been a pioneer of sharing his work for free - his publisher once caught him pirating his own books online .
His greatest life lesson , he says , has been to never surrender your dreams or give up on making them come true .
“ The secret to life , ” according to Coelho , “ is to fall down seven times , but to get back up eight times . ”


Paulo Coelho is also an outspoken activist for peace and social justice .
He is a Messenger of Peace for the UN , an Ambassador to the European Union for Intercultural Dialogue , and a member of many other organizations that advocate for peace .


~ ~ ~


* Randy Pausch Randy Pausch { { { 1


# [ Randy Pausch ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1f5327c2 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_1f5327c2 . jpg )


# # # When computer science professor Randy Pausch was given a cancer diagnosis and told he only had “ three to six months of good health left , ” he prepared a now - famous lecture entitled “ The Last Lecture : Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams . ”


*


As the saying goes , sometimes people are like tea bags - you do n’t know how strong they are until they are in hot water .


Randy Pausch is an example of a seemingly ordinary person who rose to great heights when he was in the greatest trouble .
He took the most negative situation and turned it into an opportunity to have a positive influence on the world .


Dr . Randy Pausch was a popular computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
He had won awards for his teaching , and students enjoyed his humor and sharp insights .


In 2006 , Dr . Pausch got some terrible news - he had cancer of the pancreas and only had a few months to live .


While some people would be paralyzed by fear or give up in self - pity , Dr . Pausch decided to live his last months to the fullest .
One thing he decided to do was to sign up for a special lecture series his university offered .
The idea was for professors to share their life ’s wisdom with students , as if it were the last lecture they would ever give .


Randy Pausch gave his lecture to a packed hall in 2007 .
He called it , “ The Last Lecture : Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams . ”
Many people called it the greatest performance they had ever seen .


Dr . Pausch spoke about seizing your dreams and not giving up .
He offered insights into computer science and working in teams .
He cracked his audience up again and again with his jokes .
He even did pushups on stage !


His lecture was so inspiring that people wanted video and audio copies of it .
Soon , it was an Internet phenomenon with a million hits in the first month , and Dr . Pausch was asked to write a book about his approach to life .
That book , The Last Lecture , became a bestseller and has been translated into forty - six languages .


Randy Pausch spent the last few months of his life , in between medical treatments , making his own childhood dreams come true - practicing with the Pittsburgh Steelers and appearing in a Star Trek movie .


He also appeared on TV many times and gave several more lectures before his cancer killed him in 2008 .
To the end , his message was the same - seize the time you have , never give up on yourself or your dreams , and never underestimate the importance of having fun .


~ ~ ~


* Richard Branson Richard Branson { { { 1


# [ Richard Branson ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7ef252e5 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m7ef252e5 . jpg )


# # # When he ’s not starting up a business or chasing new adventures , Richard Branson can be found tackling problems like global warming , poverty , and access to education .
He has donated millions of dollars of his own money and helped raise many millions more for charities .


*


Few people in the world have as much fun and adventure as Richard Branson .
He has set world records for hot air balloon trips over the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans as well as for crossing the English Channel in an amphibious car .
Branson has ridden motorcycles across deserts , sailed through monster storms , paraglided off mountains , and bungee - jumped over waterfalls .


He counts people like legendary South African leader Nelson Mandela and musician Peter Gabriel among his many famous friends .


Wherever he goes on his world travels , Branson seeks out new experiences , interesting people , and fresh challenges .
He also finds new business opportunities - at last count , Richard Branson had more than 400 companies in every field from music and entertainment to airlines , mobile phone providers , green fuels , and a space travel agency !


Not every one of his business ventures has worked out , but enough have succeeded to make Richard a multi - billionaire and one of the richest people in the world .


It ’s an impressive success story for a man who started off as a failure in school .
Suffering from dyslexia ( a learning disability in which the brain mixes up the order of letters and numbers ) , Richard Branson was a terrible student and dropped out of school at age sixteen .


However , he was fearless , open - minded , and knew how to get along with just about anyone .
So Branson played to his strengths , and began looking for ways to make money that involved his love of travel and music .
He found his first opportunity buying left - over albums from music companies in Europe and selling them in his native England for a profit .


That led to his first music store , a mail - order business , and a music - production company that signed up bands the mainstream labels were afraid to touch .
Since then , Richard Branson has never stopped pursuing new ideas , testing the limits , and sometimes breaking the rules .


Now sixty years old , Branson is still taking life as one big adventure .
In his words , “ You do n’t learn to walk by following rules .
You learn by doing , and by falling over , then getting up to try again . ”


~ ~ ~


* Robert Munsch Robert Munsch { { { 1


# [ Robert Munsch ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_73b3c72a . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_73b3c72a . jpg )


# # # A born storyteller , Robert Munsch loves writing stories for young children , and children love reading them .
A bestselling author in both Canada and the United States , he has sold over thirty million books .


*


His official biography says he grew up in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , but Robert Munsch likes to say that he never grew up at all - he ’s still as much of a kid as ever !
That could be the secret that makes him one of the most popular children ’s writers in the world .
Somehow , he has never lost the power of imagination we all had as children .


Using his imagination is what kept Robert going through school , which he found difficult .
He was a very bad pupil and never really learned the basic skills of math and spelling .
But he could reach into his mind and come out with wonderfully inventive , silly ideas that he turned into poems and stories .


Robert first set out to become a priest , and also studied history and anthropology at university .
But along the way , something special happened - he got introduced to children , and the children got introduced to his stories .


Working at a daycare centre to put himself through school , Munsch discovered his amazing storytelling skills and the joy of thinking like a kid again .
Incredibly , he did this for ten years , making up one wonderful story after another , day after day , without ever thinking of writing them down !


It was only when he and his wife moved to Guelph , Ontario , and a librarian overheard Munsch ’s stories that he was convinced to send some of them to a publisher .
Just one was accepted , but that got him going as a writer .


At first , his books sold slowly and gained just a little popularity every year .
Then , in 1986 , he published Love You Forever .
It became the bestselling children ’s book in Canada and the U.S. , and Robert Munsch was suddenly a household name !


Twenty - five years later , Munsch still publishes about two books a year and they all sell like crazy .
But what he really loves to do is drop in on kindergarten and daycare classes that have written to him .
He will just show up , unannounced , and spend a few hours telling stories .
Often , he will arrange to stay with a student ’s family and share a whole day with them !


Everywhere he goes and all the people he meets provide Robert Munsch with more story ideas and more joy .
He ’s never stopped being a kid , and kids never stop loving him .


~ ~ ~


* Roberta Bondar Roberta Bondar { { { 1


# [ Roberta Bondar ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5bc57d5b . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m5bc57d5b . jpg )


# # # Little did Roberta Bondar ’s parents know when they watched her playing astronaut as a little girl that she would be Canada ’s first woman in space , or that she would specialize in studying the effects of space flights on people ’s brains .


*


Can curiosity take you into outer space ?
Just ask Roberta Bondar .


Growing up in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Roberta loved learning how the world worked .
Her favorite gifts were chemistry sets , and her favorite game was playing astronaut and exploring new worlds in her imagination .
She wanted to know about everything , from plants to animals , art to science , sports to fantasy .
So , Roberta kept studying and learning new things .


She took degrees in zoology and agriculture at university , but then got into medicine and ended up becoming a doctor of neurobiology , studying how our brains work .
As she earned her medical degree , Roberta Bondar became interested in yet another new field - space medicine !


When Canada announced it was starting a space program and looking for potential astronauts , guess who had her application in the mail the next day ?
There were four thousand top - notch applicants , but Dr . Bondar had the right stuff - brains , fitness , and a love of exploration .
She was one of just six people chosen to take astronaut training .


In 1992 , Dr . Bondar blasted off aboard the U.S. Space Shuttle Discovery , becoming Canada ’s first woman astronaut .
She was also the first neurologist to go into space .


After her mission , Roberta Bondar ’s curiosity about life in space landed her a new job - heading up an international team studying the effects of space flight on people ’s brains .
And she worked with experts around the world to use her new knowledge to help treat diseases here on Earth .


Meanwhile , Dr . Bondar kept questioning , wondering , and getting excited about new topics .
She became an expert photographer ( her pictures have been shown at the National Gallery ) , an educator ( Chancellor of Trent University ) , and a pilot .


Because she has done so many interesting things , Roberta Bondar is also a popular speaker and writer , sharing her love of learning and exploring .


Her accomplishments have won her a long list of awards and honors , including induction into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame and the Order of Canada , and her picture has been on a Canadian postage stamp .
Apparently , curiosity can take you into space . . . and to a lot of other interesting places too .


~ ~ ~


* Roger Bannister Roger Bannister { { { 1


# [ Roger Bannister ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2e86a20 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2e86a20 . jpg )


# # # After two years of intense training , Roger Bannister became the first person to beat the four - minute mile and the most famous runner in the world .
It was an amazing achievement , but not his destiny ; he was already working on his next dream .


*


Imagine setting a world record and becoming one of the most famous people in sports history .
Now imagine thinking “ That ’s not enough ! ” and setting out to become a neurologist .


That ’s the life story of Roger Bannister , the English runner who was the first person in the world to run a mile in less than four minutes .


Roger did n’t set out to be a world - class runner .
He never even tried long - distance running until he was seventeen , but he immediately showed talent and Britain asked him to be on their Olympic team in 1948 .
But Bannister wanted more time to practice , and waited four years until the 1952 Olympics .


The result ?
Heartbreak !
He finished in fourth place , just out of the medals .
He seriously thought about quitting running forever .


Instead , he took a deep breath and decided to go after a different dream - the four - minute mile .
It was a goal that top runners around the world had been edging closer and closer to , but Roger Bannister determined to beat them all .


After two years of intense training , he was ready .
At a track meet in 1954 , Roger ran like no other human being ever had .
At the finish line , his time was half a second under four minutes .
The crowd went wild and the news flashed around the world !


Roger Bannister had another moment of global glory a few months later , when he raced against and beat the Australian runner who had passed his world record .
It was called the Miracle Mile , and it confirmed Bannister as the most famous runner in the world .


But fame was not enough for Roger Bannister .
He wanted to make a difference through his work as a doctor .
He became a neurologist and a top medical expert on the brain , introducing new procedures and conducting research that was published in medical journals around the world .
He still loved sport , and successfully worked for sports funding across Britain and for the first steroid testing of athletes .


How did Roger Bannister accomplish so much ?
Here ’s his philosophy , in his own words - “ Every morning in Africa , a gazelle wakes up .
It knows it must outrun the fastest lion or it will be killed .
Every morning in Africa , a lion wakes up .
It knows it must run faster than the slowest gazelle , or it will starve .
It does n’t matter whether you ’re a lion or a gazelle - when the sun comes up , you ’d better be running ! ”


~ ~ ~


* Roméo Dallaire Roméo Dallaire { { { 1


# [ Roméo Dallaire ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mf72f567 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mf72f567 . jpg )


# # # Roméo Dallaire went through a horrific experience that changed his life and almost destroyed it ; but since that time , he has been a tireless international advocate for a number of critical global causes .


In 1983 , the African nation of Rwanda was in bad shape .
The two main tribes , the Hutus and the Tutsis , were arguing over how to share power , and people were afraid there would be a civil war .


In fact , something even worse was about to happen - genocide .
Genocide is the attempt by one group of people to completely wipe out another group , as the Nazis tried to do to the Jews in World War II .


The United Nations had troops in Rwanda to try to keep the peace , and Canadian General Roméo Dallaire was put in charge of the troops .
He did n’t have many soldiers and his orders were to supervise a peace , not fight a war .


But Dallaire and other observers could see the situation was getting worse .
Radical Hutu leaders were talking about killing every Tutsi - even the children - and anyone else who got in their way .
Dallaire asked for more troops to prevent a bloodbath , but the United Nations argued and debated instead of acting .
The general still had a terrible shortage of troops when the killings began .


It was a horrific time , with gangs of armed Hutus massacring whole Tutsi villages .
General Dallaire used his troops as best as he could to guard areas where there were Tutsis hiding .
He often bluffed the Hutu militias into thinking he had more soldiers or authority than he really did .


The terrible slaughter went on for one hundred days and an estimated one million people were murdered before the United Nations finally sent in enough troops to bring peace .
For Roméo Dallaire , it was one hundred days of danger , horror , and frustration .
But he would not give up , and he did everything he could to stop the violence .
It has been estimated that his brave actions saved some 32,000 lives .


Afterwards , however , he suffered from post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) - a deep depression that often affects soldiers and other people who have been through horrific situations with loss - and in this case , massive loss - of human life .
At one point , General Dallaire even tried to kill himself .


Today , Roméo Dallaire is a decorated hero , an Officer of the Order of Canada , a member of the Canadian Senate , and an outspoken advocate who has devoted his life to several causes - fighting racism , helping people who suffer from PTSD , and working to stop the use of children as soldiers .
He has demonstrated two important forms of bravery , facing up to external dangers and his own internal demons .


~ ~ ~


* Ryan Hreljac Ryan Hreljac { { { 1


# [ Ryan Hreljac ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_f8dc82f . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_f8dc82f . jpg )


# # # Not many seven - year - olds decide to buy a well in an African village , and not many create a foundation to raise millions of dollars for clean water .


*


Ryan Hreljac seems like your typical Canadian teenager .
He goes to school , plays hockey , and likes video games .
But Ryan also happens to be the founder of an international foundation that has helped save tens of thousands of lives !


When he was growing up in Kemptville , Ontario , Ryan heard a story from his Grade One teacher .
She explained how millions of people in under - developed countries die every year because they do n’t have access to clean water .


Lots of kids hear about issues like this ; only a very few decide to do something about it .
Ryan Hreljac was one of these .


Ryan did extra chores at home to earn pocket money .
He worked very hard and , over four months , managed to earn seventy dollars .
That was enough to pay for a new well in a village in Uganda .


The charity that built the well was surprised to get a donation from a seven - year - old and began telling people about this big - hearted boy .
Ryan soon had other children and adults asking him how they could help him solve the world ’s clean water challenge .


Other charities got involved , the Government of Canada offered to help , and before he knew it , Ryan ’s single donation was growing into an organization .


With the support of his family , Ryan dedicated all of his free time to the “ Ryan ’s Well Foundation . ”
Eleven years later , that Foundation is still going strong , and it has raised millions of dollars .
It has built more than 600 water and sanitation projects in sixteen countries in Africa , helping bring clean water to nearly 700,000 people !


Ryan has received a long list of awards , medals , and honors , met with world leaders and celebrities , and had his message featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show .
But when you ask him about his accomplishments , Ryan says , “ I ’ m just your regular , average kid . ”
Ryan Hreljac has demonstrated how anyone can turn their concern into action , inspire others to get involved , and make a real difference in the world .


And Ryan ’s original well ?
It is still pumping clean water in that village in Uganda , serving thousands of people every day .


~ ~ ~


* Sam Walton Sam Walton { { { 1


# [ Sam Walton ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m42709659 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m42709659 . jpg )


# # # Sam Walton had a dream : to own his own department store .
It was a long and winding road to reach his goal , but he was committed , smart , innovative and , above all , a hard worker .
The result ?
The Wal - Mart empire now has 9,000 stores in fifteen countries .


*


Many people consider Sam Walton to be the smartest businessman in history .
He was certainly one of the most successful : starting from one store , he created the Wal - Mart chain , the largest retail business in the world .
He also invented the Price Club and Sam ’s Club chains of discount stores .


Before he died in 1992 , Sam was the second - richest man in the world , behind only Bill Gates !


His achievements are even more impressive when you know that Sam was born on a small farm in Oklahoma and raised during the Great Depression of the 1930s , when worldwide economic disaster created widespread unemployment and poverty .


For young Sam , it meant working before and after school to earn extra money for his family , then working his way through university to pay for his tuition .
He took every job he could find , from waiting tables to delivering newspapers .
In between , he served as a military cadet leader , Sunday school volunteer , class president , and starting quarterback of the football team !


Despite the huge extra demands on his time , Sam was a top student , earning a spot in the U.S. National Honors Society .
It ’s not that he was smarter than everyone else ; he just worked harder .


After university , Sam Walton got a job working in a department store and dreamed of one day owning his own shop .
After serving in World War II , he used his Army pay to lease a store that was part of a franchise chain .
He built it up into such a huge success that the franchise owner bought Walton out and took the store back for himself .


Now that he had more money to work with , Sam Walton finally realized his dream of owning a department store .
It was the first step towards the Wal - Mart empire that now boasts nearly 9,000 stores in fifteen countries and employs more than a million people .


Walton developed ideas we take for granted today , but were great innovations at the time - discount pricing , extended hours , numerous cash registers , profit - sharing with employees , and involvement in community activities .


Sam Walton said the secret to his success were plain hard work and ten simple rules :


1 \ .
Commit to your goals


2 \ .
Share your rewards


3 \ .
Energize your colleagues


4 \ .
Communicate all you know


5 \ .
Value your associates


6 \ .
Celebrate your success


7 \ .
Listen to everyone


8 \ .
Deliver more than you promise


9 \ .
Work smarter than others


10 \ .
Blaze your own path


~ ~ ~


* Sandford Fleming Sandford Fleming { { { 1


# [ Sandford Fleming ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3a0d8c1f . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3a0d8c1f . jpg )


# # # Sandford Fleming was a whirlwind inventor whose ideas came to benefit not only his home country but the world .
Canadians can thank him for his “ crazy ” vision of building a railway clear across the vast wilds of Canada .


*


How many different dreams can one person follow ?
For Sandford Fleming , it seems there was no limit .


When he was eighteen years old , having just arrived in Canada from Scotland , Fleming was a budding inventor who wanted other active minds around him .
So he established the Royal Canadian Institute - a group dedicated to science , invention , and understanding .
It still exists today .


Apparently , working as a surveyor and running his new Institute was n’t enough to fully occupy his mind .
On the side , Fleming took the time to design Canada ’s first postage stamp in 1851 .


Meanwhile , his tireless energy and sharp mind got him a job as chief engineer of a railway .
That ’s where Fleming developed his next vision - a railway clear across Canada .
It took a dozen years for Fleming and others to convince the new Canadian government .
Once the government had finally approved the idea , it gave Fleming the job of doing the surveying for the mammoth railway .
Fleming had to find the best route from the Atlantic to the Pacific , over hundreds of kilometers of empty prairie and through mountain passes where no one had ever climbed .


He finished the survey job by 1876 , and the railway was finished in 1885 .
Fleming was on hand when they drove the last spike to join the rail lines - and Canada - together .


You might think that institutes , railways , postage stamps , and submarine telegraph cables ( he proposed the idea to connect the British Empire through communications ) would be enough for one mind .
But Sandford Fleming had yet another world - changing idea .


After missing a train in Ireland , Fleming became fed up with the way people kept time .
At that time , time was strictly a local affair ; every town had its own clock .
Twelve noon in one place might be 12 : 15 in another just up the road .
Fleming came up with the idea of creating standard time zones - twenty - four of them around the world .
In each zone , the time would be exactly the same .
It seems like common sense today , but Fleming had to fight for years to get this idea accepted , and the twenty - four time - zone idea was n’t agreed upon until years after his death .


But Fleming ’s many achievements were recognized while he was still alive ; he was knighted by Queen Victoria .
Today , Sir Stanford Fleming is recognized as the father of standard time and of our national railway - a man who changed our nation and the world .


~ ~ ~


* Shania Twain Shania Twain { { { 1


# [ Shania Twain ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3d16ae6e . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m3d16ae6e . jpg )


# # # Shania Twain ’s long , slow road to fame included poverty , many disappointments , and a terrible tragedy .
But when she finally succeeded , she set records that would be the envy of any singer .


*


Life was tough for little Eileen Edwards ( Shania Twain ’s original name ) and her family in the northern Ontario town of Timmins .
Her mother and stepfather did not work much and the family often went hungry .
Her mother once drove the children more than 400 miles to get help from a food bank in Toronto .


Eileen grew up working hard - hunting , chopping wood , and helping her stepfather plant trees .
But she had a special way of earning some extra money : Eileen could really sing .
When she was as young as eight years old , she would go into town late at night and sing for coins people would throw for her .
She began to write her own songs and dream of becoming a rock star .


Eileen performed in bands as a teenager , touring all over Ontario and developing her talent .
Times were still tough ; sometimes she could only pay for singing lessons by cleaning her vocal coach ’s house .


The young singer was hit by one disappointment after another .
Twice she went to the U.S. to try out for record companies , but came home empty - handed .
Little jobs singing on other people ’s albums never led to a big break .
But Eileen kept on trying , again and again .


Then , Eileen ’s parents were killed in a car accident .
There was no one to take care of her half - brothers and half - sister .
So Eileen moved back in with them , and supported her family by singing at a local resort .


She was dirt poor once more , but still would not give up her dreams .
When her half - siblings were grown , Eileen tried yet again .
She sent her best songs and music samples to more record companies .


Finally , her years of persistence paid off and she was asked to make her first album .
Eileen created a new stage name for herself : using an Ojibwa word for “ on my way ” ’ and her stepfather ’s last name , she renamed herself Shania Twain .


Shania Twain went on to make the best - selling album ever by a female singer and the top - selling album in country music history .
The singer who kept on trying has now sold sixty - five million albums around the world .


~ ~ ~


* Shirin Ebadi Shirin Ebadi { { { 1


# [ Shirin Ebadi ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_cbaee33 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_cbaee33 . jpg )


# # # Under a regime where dissidents and intellectuals often disappeared or were murdered , Shirin Ebadi , Iran ’s first woman judge , showed enormous courage in spite of death threats , harassment , and imprisonment .


*


In 1948 , things were a lot different in Iran than they are now .
If she had the brains and determination , a girl like Shirin Ebadi , born to an educated , well - to - do family , could look forward to going to university and having a good career .
Shirin had plenty of both , and she grew up to be a lawyer and a judge , the first woman in Iran to ever preside over a legislative court .


But in 1979 , there was a revolution in Iran and very conservative religious leaders took power .
Things were about to get very bad for women , girls , and anyone who spoke up against the government .
The new leaders declared that women should not be judges and demoted Shirin Ebadi to a secretarial position .
She tried fighting the ruling , but eventually just resigned .


It took years of more fighting before the government would recognize her law degree and let her practice as a lawyer .
By that time , Ebadi was angry - she was angry over the way she had been dealt with , and the way that all women and children were being treated in Iran .


Despite the dangers of opposing the government ( people who protested were often arrested or simply disappeared ) , Ebadi set out to fight for justice and equality .
She wrote books and articles , fought to change the legal status of women and children , took on cases involving dissidents who were in trouble with the government , and helped get a more liberal president elected in Iran .


But women and children were still second - class citizens , and anyone who spoke out against the government could still find themselves in deep trouble .
In 2000 , there was a series of murders of intellectuals in Iran ; Ebadi and others suspected the killers were government thugs .
They were right , but it took a long , hard struggle to prove their case , and Ebadi wound up in jail for daring to ask questions .


The more that Shirin Ebadi stood up for her beliefs , the more death threats and harassment she suffered .
Finally , she was forced to flee Iran and now lives in exile in Canada .
However , she has not stopped speaking out and campaigning for reforms in Iran and other countries where children and women are not treated as equals to men .


Her courageous fight for justice has won her admirers and enemies around the world , as well as the Nobel Prize for Peace .


~ ~ ~


* Stephen Leacock Stephen Leacock { { { 1


# [ Stephen Leacock ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m28f95718 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m28f95718 . jpg )


# # # Though he was a political scientist and economist , Stephen Leacock is not known for his writing on those subjects ; rather , he is famous for his sense of humor and his witty stories that continue to inspire writers and comedians today .


A good sense of humor can get you through just about anything ; if he were still with us , Stephen Leacock would be the first to agree .


A hundred years ago , Leacock was probably the best - known humor writer and most famous Canadian in the world .
His stories and books , such as Sunshine Sketches of a Little Town , had brought him fame and fortune .
And soon - to - be - legendary comedians like Jack Benny and Groucho Marx were inspired by his writing .


But , as funny as he was , Leacock had n’t always had much to laugh about .


His family moved to the little town of Egypt , Ontario from England , where they had been quite wealthy .
However , their Canadian farm failed and his father became an alcoholic who beat his wife and children .
It was up to Stephen to stand up to his own father and kick him out of the house .


A top student , Stephen had to put himself through university by taking teaching jobs , which he hated .
He started trying to sell his stories to magazines as a way of making extra money for school - his real interests were economics and politics .


Leacock eventually became head of the political economy department at McGill University in Montreal .
By that time , his stories had taken off and his fame had begun to spread worldwide .


Even then , Leacock had a hard time .
He had married a wealthy young woman and they tried for fifteen years to have a child .
Then their only son was born with a birth defect , and Leacock ’s wife died of cancer just ten years later .


Through all of his personal problems , and despite the frustration of having his political science and economic work ignored compared to his funny stories , Stephen Leacock kept his remarkable sense of humor .


That humor not only got him through some dark times , it also assured him a place in history .
Every year , the Stephen Leacock Award is given to the funniest writer in Canada , and Leacock ’s books are still found in classrooms and libraries across the country - not his dry works on politics and economy , but the collections of witty tales and parodies that preserve his reputation as a man who made the world laugh .


~ ~ ~


* Terry Fox Terry Fox { { { 1


# [ Terry Fox ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2eb71808 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2eb71808 . jpg )


# # # Life as he had known it ended for Terry Fox when he was twenty .
But in the face of tragedy , he created a dream that inspired a nation .
And his dream lives on .


*


When a teenager gets cancer and then loses a leg at age twenty , you might forgive him for giving up on any big dreams .
But Canadian Terry Fox refused to give up .
In fact , he started dreaming bigger than ever .


Terry was determined to raise money for cancer research to help other young people .
So he decided to do something no one had ever done before - to run some five thousand miles across Canada , from the Atlantic to the Pacific , on one real and one artificial leg .


Terry prepared for eighteen months , running over 3,000 miles ( 5,000 kilometers ) .


He set out quietly on April 12 , 1980 , dipping his artificial leg in the ocean waters off Newfoundland .
Starting that day , and every day that followed , he ran twenty - five miles .
Through rain and shine , despite pain and exhaustion , from early morning darkness to long after sunset , he ran the equivalent of a marathon every day .


By halfway through his run , Terry had captured the hearts of his nation .
Huge crowds appeared by the sides of remote highways to cheer him on .
He visited the notorious Kingston Penitentiary and the hardened inmates wept at his courage and determination .


Sadly , Terry was not able to finish his heroic run .
His cancer spread to his lungs , and he was forced to quit on September 1 , 1980 , near Thunder Bay , Ontario , after running for 143 days and 3,339 miles ( 5,373 kilometers ) .


Terry ’s goal was to raise one dollar for every Canadian to fund cancer research , a total of $ 24 million .
When Terry had to quit his run , his courage inspired a groundswell of support from across Canada , and the fundraising efforts continued .
By February 1 , 1981 , Terry ’s Marathon of Hope had raised the $ 24 million .


Terry lived to see his dream realized , but on June 28 , 1981 , at the age of twenty - two , Terry Fox died of the disease that he had battled so hard against .


Terry inspired new dreams and new commitment as Canadians followed his example and continued to raise money for cancer research through Terry Fox Runs .
In 1988 , the Terry Fox Foundation was established to coordinate and manage Terry ’s legacy .
As of Spring 2011 , close to $ 500 million had been raised for cancer research , and over 5,000 locations in Canada were planning a Terry Fox Run for September .


Terry Fox is remembered by Canadians as their greatest hero of all time , and the best example of courage in action .


~ ~ ~


* Thomas Edison Thomas Edison { { { 1


# [ Thomas Edison ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6296438d . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m6296438d . jpg )


# # # Being an inventor , says Thomas Edison , is not all about having great ideas ; it ’s mostly about working hard and never , never giving up .


*


Thomas Edison is known as one of the greatest inventors in history - the light bulb , the phonograph , the world ’s first movie , the stock ticker , the talking doll - more than a thousand different patents have his name on them !
There ’s no doubt that Edison had a very sharp mind .
But the man who was called a genius by the whole world said his success did n’t have much to do with being smart ; he put it all down to hard work .


And it is true that few people in the world work as hard as Thomas Edison did .
He was known for working half the night and falling asleep at his workbench .
If he had a problem to solve , he would skip meals and go on a few hours of sleep for weeks on end .


Edison simply never gave up .
He would keep working , no matter how long it took , until he found the best way of doing things .


His gift for inventing and his determination to succeed almost went unrecognized .
Growing up in the 1800s , Edison had seemed doomed to fail .
He had two problems that caused him real trouble in school .


First , he was very hard of hearing ( this was before hearing aids were invented ) .
Second , he just could n’t seem to focus and sit still .
These days , teachers would identify him as having a learning disability ; back then , they just said he was unteachable .


So , his mother pulled him out of school at age ten and set out to teach him herself .
She knew that her son was much smarter than his teachers thought .
And she saw that he never stopped thinking about better ways to solve a problem .


In his first job , when he was a teenager , Edison was taught how to use a telegraph .
He saw that it could be improved , so he was soon inventing new and better telegraph machines .
The perfect example of his approach is his most famous invention , the light bulb .
Edison tried more than a thousand different ways of getting electricity to make light .
He refused to stop trying until he found the material that worked .


As Edison liked to say , “ Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety - nine percent perspiration . ”
In other words , having a good idea is just the beginning : it ’s the effort you put behind that idea that gets the results .


~ ~ ~


* Walt Disney Walt Disney { { { 1


# [ Walt Disney ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_3bb01b01 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_3bb01b01 . jpg )


# # # Sometimes it just takes one good idea to get started on the road to fame , but the good idea often comes after many years of hard work and many bumps along the road .


*


Through his whole remarkable life , Walt Disney would always tell people , “ It all started with that Mouse . ”
He was talking about Mickey Mouse - Walt Disney ’s most famous creation and the one that led to what has been called the most successful entertainment company in the world .


Walt Disney loved drawing as a boy , and was determined to be a cartoonist when he grew up .
But getting a job drawing cartoons for a newspaper or ad agency turned out to be harder than he thought , and Disney struggled for many years .


While he was working at one agency , he became interested in the new methods of animation .
He started to experiment with cameras and drawings , and he was convinced he could make a living as an animator .


After more years of hard work , Walt Disney finally hit it big .
He and his crew came up with a character called “ Oswald the Lucky Rabbit . ”
Oswald cartoons were a hit , and Disney ’s studio was finally making money .
Then , the company that distributed his cartoons pulled a fast one ; it seemed they had the legal rights to Oswald and they forced Walt Disney out .


So he had to start all over again .
This time , Walt Disney came up with an even better idea - a mouse he called “ Mortimer . ”
His wife did n’t like that name , and suggested “ Mickey ” instead , and so the most popular cartoon character in history was born .


With his first sound cartoon , “ Steamboat Willie starring Mickey Mouse , ” Walt Disney began to make a lot of money .
He used it to hire the best animators and writers he could find , and a string of classic characters followed - Donald Duck , Goofy , Pluto , the Three Little Pigs singing “ Who ’s Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf , ” and many more .


Disney and his team went on to revolutionize movies with the first full - length animated feature , Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , followed by a string of hit films that continues to this day .
Walt Disney was nominated for fifty - nine Oscars , and won twenty - six of them ( both record numbers ) ; he also won seven Emmy Awards for his television shows and specials .


One successful idea followed another , including theme parks Disneyland and Walt Disney World - although Walt Disney died just before the second park was opened .


After his beginnings as a struggling young artist , Walt Disney ended his life with great wealth , a world - wide reputation , and the satisfaction of bringing joy to millions of children - all because of a mouse and the tenacity to hang on his dreams .


~ ~ ~


* Wangari Maathai Wangari Maathai { { { 1


# [ Wangari Maathai ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m61344724 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m61344724 . jpg )


# # # Some people , by their nature , ignore the status quo and ignore the odds , and go where no one has gone before .
They are peaceful but courageous warriors .


*


Wangari Maathai was the first woman to do a lot of things : she was the first woman from East Africa to earn a PhD , the first woman to head up a department at the University of Nairobi , and the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize .


As a girl in a poor country , Wangari had to work against the odds to achieve these things , but she was never the kind of person to let high odds hold her back .
By the mid - 1970s , Wangari Maathai was a professor of anatomy , head of the Kenyan Red Cross , and involved in a number of charities and causes .
But she was about to get a great idea … .


Dr . Maathai could see that Kenya had two major problems - its natural environment was in bad shape , mostly due to too many trees being cut down , and there were so few jobs that many families were struggling or even starving .


Her idea was simple but brilliant : solve both problems at once by hiring unemployed people to plant more trees !
This straightforward plan grew into a whole campaign to teach the people of Kenya to understand and respect the environment and each other .
She called it the Green Belt Movement .


Although she went through a lot of hard times and struggled with opposition from the Kenyan government , Wangari Maathai managed to keep the Green Belt Movement alive .
Then , in 1985 , the United Nations held an environmental conference in Kenya , and representatives from many nations were able to see and hear what she was doing .
That ’s when the Green Belt Movement really took off , spreading across Kenya and Africa , and serving as a role model for many nations .


Over the years , Dr . Maathai ’s group began to stand for other issues as well as the environment - issues like democracy and justice .
Kenya only allowed one political party to exist , and tried to deny or stifle anyone who protested or pointed out problems .


Throughout the 1990s , Wangari Maathai and her supporters fought for broader democracy .
She was threatened , arrested , beaten , and jailed - but never silenced .
It took more than a decade of struggle , but finally Kenya had democratic elections with many parties represented .


Dr . Maathai was eventually elected to the national parliament , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 , and planted a tree with Barack Obama .
Today , she continues to work for the causes she is known for - people and the environment .


~ ~ ~


* Wayne Gretzky Wayne Gretzky { { { 1


# [ Wayne Gretzky ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a981356 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_6a981356 . jpg )


# # # They told him he was too small , too slow , and too weak .
But what those coaches and scouts from thirty years ago did not realize was that Wayne Gretzky was unstoppable .


*


From the time he learned to skate at age two , in his father ’s backyard rink in Brantford , Ontario , Wayne loved hockey .
He would skate , practice , and play hockey every spare moment , even gobbling down his dinner while wearing his skates so that he could rush back out to the ice again and play until dark .


Gretzky credits his father with teaching him the secrets to success , in hockey and in life - to work hard and make the best use of your strengths .


Wayne Gretzky was neither the biggest nor fastest hockey player on any of his teams .
In fact , he was usually much smaller than the other players because he would play against older boys .
And this seemed only fair - at age six , Wayne could outplay any ten - year - old !


Despite his lack of size and speed , Wayne had such phenomenal talent in passing the puck , making plays , and avoiding the checks of the larger players that he became a child hockey star .
He set records and won scoring championships everywhere he went .


But the so - called experts dismissed Wayne ’s skills and said he could not make it in the stronger , tougher competition of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Several teams passed over the chance to sign him up ; it was a decision that every one of them would come to regret .


Over a twenty - year NHL career , Wayne Gretzky broke every record in the book .
By the time he retired in 1999 , he held forty regular - season records , fifteen playoff records , and six All - Star records .
With more than thirty NHL awards and trophies , including four Stanley Cup championships , Gretzky ’s entry in the official record books is longer than that of any other hockey player .


Some of his records may never be broken ; no other player has ever scored 200 points in a season , something that Wayne did four times !
He capped his incredible career in 2002 by coaching Canada ’s Olympic hockey team to its first gold medal in fifty years .


When Wayne Gretzky stopped playing , every single team in the NHL retired his number - there will never be another number 99 in the NHL .
Today , the hockey experts no longer talk about his lack of size or speed .
They simply call him “ The Great One . ”


~ ~ ~


* William “ Billy ” Bishop William “ Billy ” Bishop { { { 1


# [ William “ Billy ” Bishop ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a6fa07b . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_m2a6fa07b . jpg )


# # # Air Marshal Billy Bishop was a daring World War I fighter pilot who won the Military Cross , the Distinguished Service Order , and the Victoria Cross , and he became the leading Canadian flying ace with seventy - two air victories .


*


When Billy Bishop was fifteen years old , he did something really stupid .
He built an “ airplane ” out of cardboard , wood , and string , and then tried to fly it off the roof of his three - storey house .


His sister dug him out of the wreckage , and was surprised to find he was not hurt !
But Billy was a very tough boy .
He was known as a fighter at school , and he used his fists to protect other kids from bullies .


When World War I started , Billy Bishop dropped out of school to enlist in the army .
His trainers were astounded to see what a great shot he was with a rifle ; he seemed like a natural soldier !


But on the battlefields of Europe , Bishop was soon fed up with living in a muddy , filthy trench .
WWI was the first war in which airplanes were used , and when Bishop saw an airplane land , he quickly transferred to the air force , hoping for more action .


And action was what he got .
Billy Bishop turned out to be as natural at flying as he was at fighting and shooting .
After flying scouting missions , he asked to be stationed in France , where British and German fighter pilots were battling for control of the skies .


At that point in the war , the Germans were shooting down the British by a ratio of five to one .
The average British pilot lasted only eleven days !
But the Germans had never seen anyone like Billy Bishop in action .


Bishop would always lead the way and be the first to attack , no matter what the odds .
He frequently returned with his plane shot full of holes .
Apart from his regular missions , he would take off alone and fly deep into enemy territory to stage surprise attacks .


Soon , Bishop had shot down five enemy aircraft , then ten , twenty , thirty !
His victories kept mounting until the Germans nicknamed him “ Hell ’s Hand - maiden ” and put a reward out for anyone who could shoot him down .


No one ever did , and Bishop finished the war with a chest covered in medals and seventy - two air victories , making him the top Canadian flying ace of World War I .
He had used his crazy courage and natural toughness to fight for his country and become a national hero .


Billy Bishop ultimately became an air marshal , the highest rank possible , and head of the Canadian Flying Corps .


~ ~ ~


* William Harvey William Harvey { { { 1


# [ William Harvey ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2641237c . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2641237c . jpg )


# # # Although brilliant William Harvey became the doctor of choice for the wealthy , the nobility , and even the King of England , he never stopped giving free treatments to the poor .


*


It may seem hard to believe , but until William Harvey came along , even the best doctors in Europe did n’t know that your heart pumps blood around your body .
The common wisdom was that blood was created by your liver , and the heart pumped air and heat through your body , along with just some of your blood !


So , you can imagine the uproar in 1628 when William Harvey published a book that explained exactly how the entire circulatory system worked , from your heart to arteries and veins .
He was completely right , but his work contradicted the belief that had been around for hundreds of years .
Many other doctors refused to believe Dr . Harvey , and said his theories were crazy .


William Harvey was a brilliant physician who had astonished his professors at medical school .
Almost straight out of university , he was hired as chief physician at St . Bartholomew ’s Hospital in London , where he provided medical treatment to the poor for free .


Harvey ’s reputation grew rapidly , and he was chosen to deliver an ongoing series of public lectures to explain anatomy and medicine to the general public .
Soon , wealthy people , including members of the nobility , were asking him to be their doctor .
He even wound up becoming the personal physician to the King of England !


But when he published his now - famous book on the heart and blood circulation , it looked as if William Harvey might lose everything .


However , Dr . Harvey ’s critics had n’t counted on his brilliance and tenacity .
He proved his theories time and again with experiments that showed how the circulation system worked , and with calculations that proved the impossibility of the theory about blood originating in the liver .


In the end , no one could argue with the powerful evidence ; William Harvey had clearly made a huge advance in medical science .
Not only did people finally understand how the heart really worked , they also were inspired to copy his style of provable , repeatable experiments .


While Dr . Harvey went on to great fame and fortune as the physician of kings and other rich clients , and as the man who opened the eyes of the world to the wonders of the heart , he never stopped working for the poor .
Until he was an old man , he served at St . Bartholomew ’s Hospital every week , giving free health care to people who could not afford to pay a doctor .


~ ~ ~


* Winston Churchill Winston Churchill { { { 1


# [ Winston Churchill ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2ffa39b7 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_2ffa39b7 . jpg )


# # # “ Never give in - never , never , never , never , in nothing great or small . ”
That was the life philosophy of Sir Winston Churchill - the man who many people believe did more than anyone else did to save the world from the Nazis .


*


Churchill was a brilliant man ( the only British prime minister to win the Nobel Prize for Literature ) , who came from a wealthy and famous family in England .
But his childhood was not easy : Winston had a speech impediment and a rebellious nature .
He did badly in school and felt unloved by his parents .


Winston Churchill came into his own at military school as a teenager .
Although it took him three tries to pass the entrance exam , he became a top student , and the school ’s fencing champion .


Once in the military , Churchill took every dangerous assignment available and quickly rose up through the ranks .
To make extra money on the side , he wrote stories and books about his military campaigns and became a popular author .


After leaving the British Army , Churchill kept working as a war reporter and historian .
He gained even more fame when he was captured in South Africa during the Boer War , escaped from prison , and traveled 300 km on foot to rejoin the fighting as a volunteer !


Back home in England , Churchill turned to politics , using his high profile and great speaking ability to become a member of parliament .
Despite several political setbacks , he eventually served as a cabinet minister , introducing reforms such as Britain ’s first minimum wage law and legislation that led to pensions for company employees .


When World War I began , Churchill was in charge of the British Navy . . . but by the end of the war , unable to resist the call of battle , he was again leading troops on the front lines .


When the Nazis , led by Adolf Hitler , began to rise to power in Germany in the 1930s , Churchill was one of the few political voices warning against them .
So , when the Nazis started their campaign to conquer the world and British policies were failing , Britain turned to Churchill to lead them .


As prime minister during World War II , Churchill rallied his tiny country to stand up against the strongest military machine ever known .
His brilliant tactics , his ability to bring other allies together , and his stirring speeches and radio addresses , were the keys to defeating the Nazis .


Churchill ’s absolute refusal to give up , even against overwhelming odds , helped to save his and other nations , and made him one of the greatest heroes in British and world history .


# # #


* Wisdom to Live Your Magic Wisdom to Live Your Magic { { { 1


# [ Wisdom to Live Your Magic ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_421a5643 . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_421a5643 . jpg )


Wisdom to Live Your MAGIC ! ( TM ) provides you with life lessons from 50 of the most amazing teachers in human history .
For each teacher the book includes an original portrait illustration , a brief biography , and selected wisdom from that teacher in his or her own words .


Each profile also explains the profound life lesson ( s ) the author gained from that particular teacher .
Mentor Vivo Saggezza will show you how to integrate the wisdom of these amazing teachers into your own life .


*


“ _Some of the teachers in this book are the expected , like Einstein , Shakespeare and Confucius but I gained some new insights .
Others are a surprise , like Dolly Parton , Black Elk and Keats , and after learning more about them , they all belong in this book . ” _


\ - Wesley Gunderson , Businessman


*


This collection of teachers is unique .
Each teacher provides insights into the human condition and a viewpoint on living in these times , some from the perspective of long ago and others from the perspective of now .
They gently advise , in their own words , how to be fulfilled , happy and successful .
Some teach by example , some from the result of research and others from their hearts in the most poetic language .
Wisdom to Live Your MAGIC ! is definitely worth reading .
Each article is about 600 words and can be read in a few minutes .
This is a book you can taste and savor .


Great for the bedside table .


The Teachers :


Dr . Albert Einstein


Dr . Albert Ellis


Aristotle


Benjamin Franklin


Bill Gates


Black Elk


Confucius


Dale Carnegie


Dr . Dean Ornish


Dolly Parton


Eleanor Roosevelt


Earl Nightingale


Ernest Hemingway


George Bernard Shaw


George Lucas


George Washington


Johann W . von Goethe


Henry David Thoreau


Sir Isaac Newton


James Allen


Jeff Bezos


John Keats


Joseph Campbell


Kahlil Gibran


Lao Tzu


Leo Tolstoy


Leonardo da Vinci


Mahatma Gandhi


Marcus Aurelius


Mark Twain


Dr . Martin Luther King , Jr .


Michelangelo


Mother Teresa


Dr . Muhammad Yunus


Napoleon Hill


Oprah Winfrey


Oscar Wilde


Pearl S . Buck


Ralph Waldo Emerson


Richard Bach


Rudyard Kipling


Socrates


Steve Jobs


Sun Tzu


Theodore Roosevelt


Thomas Edison


Dr . Viktor Frankl


Warren Buffett


William Shakespeare


Sir Winston Churchill


Release Date : March 2012


* The Journey to Live Your Magic The Journey to Live Your Magic { { { 1


# [ The Journey to Live Your Magic ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m . ch . fixed . fc . tidied . stylehacked . xfixed_split_006 . html # ref_toc )


! [ tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mc83b05a . jpg ] ( tmp_6b50e18c031ca9fa712cdd181bcf41d8_G6iB0m_html_mc83b05a . jpg )


This book will prove to you that you are gifted , you are powerful and you are important .
It provides a map for your journey to live the life you were born to live .
Learn how to discover your gifts , how to make the five critical choices and how to use six powerful tools on your journey to Live Your MAGIC !
- - Release Date : May 2012


Visit our website for Larry ’s blog and the latest updates : [ http : / / www . liveyourmagic . com ] ( http : / / www . liveyourmagic . com / )


Follow Larry on Twitter : @ liveyourmagic







By L.P. Dover


* * * * Smashwords Edition * * * * Love ’s Second Chance Copyright © 2013 by L . P . Dover Editor : Melissa Ringsted Cover Artist : Regina Wamba Formatting by JT Formatting


ISBN :


All rights reserved .
Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means ( electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise ) without the prior written permission of the author of this book .
This is a work of fiction .
Names , characters , places , brands , media , and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously .
The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
The publication / use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated with , or sponsored by the trademark owners .
Discover other titles by L.P. Dover at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
This ebook may not be re - sold or given away to other people .
If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with .
If you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then you should return to Smashwords . com and purchase your own copy .
Thank you for respecting the author 's work .
Prologue


What do you do when you have nothing else to live for ?
When the world closes in on you and rips your soul apart , leaving you dying and aching on the inside .
How does one regain the pieces that have been scattered to the wind ?
On the day I lost Carson , my world went gray and dark .
The light inside me died when he was taken from me .
I remember wiping the tears angrily away from my eyes as I sat there beside him .
I wanted to see him clearly , to remember everything about my final moments with the man I had loved , cherished , and called my husband for the past two years .
We were building a life together , and now it was going to be lost .
Holding his hand while he lay broken and battered in the hospital bed , I could n’t begin to fathom what my life was going to be like without him .
As strong as Carson was , I knew it took all of his strength to even try to hold on .
I wanted to take that pain away and keep it as my own .
No one should ever have to see the person they love die in front of their eyes .
I knew I would never forget the love and adoration in his gaze when he spoke those final words on his last dying breath .


“ I love you , Kori , ” Carson says to me , his breathing raspy and forced , and I know it ’s agony for him to breathe because of the broken ribs .
His face is almost unrecognizable from the damage of the crash , but no matter what , I ’ll always see the angelic face of my husband in my mind .
My heart has broken into a million pieces just looking at him so helpless and visibly in pain .
If I could trade places with him to spare him the anguish I would .
A million times over I would .
“ I love you so much , Carson .
You ca n’t leave me , please do n’t leave me . ”
I choke as a sob escapes my lips .
I have to remain strong for him , but how can I when he ’s facing death and I ’ m about to lose him .
A tear escapes from the corner of his eye , and before I can speak again he grips my hand tightly .
“ Shh , do n’t cry .
I need you to promise me … ”
I lean over him , desperate to hear what he wants me to promise him .
I ’ll promise him anything if it will keep him here longer .
“ Promise you what , Carson ? ”
I say quickly , knowing time is running out .
The beeping of the machines begins to slow down … slower and slower .
Breaking down into tears , I desperately try to cling onto him , to feel the life inside of him before it dies away .
How can his time be up when he has so much to live for ?
With quivering lips , I kiss him gently , branding the feel of him in my mind so I will always remember .
Our final kiss , the last one we will share forever .
His eyes flutter open one last time and on his last breath he cries , “ Promise me you ’ll … ”
But that ’s as far as he gets .
I sit there frozen , stunned into silence , when I see that he ’s breathing no more .
“ Promise you what , Carson ? ”
I scream desperately .
I need to know what he was going to say .
I take his face in my hands , willing the life back into his body , but his eyes stay locked onto mine as his soul is set free .
The machines begin their long and drawn out beeping , signaling the passing of my beloved husband .
I am frozen in place , numb on the outside but in despair on the inside as I stare at the lifeless form of the man I have grown to love and cherish .
His body is still , so very still .
My tears flow like hot rivers down my cheeks , landing on his bruised face .
“ I love you .
I will always love you , ” I cry .
My lungs feel constricted and the world seems to be closing in around me .
I ca n’t breathe , I ca n’t think , and I sure as hell ca n’t believe that my husband is now gone . . . forever .
How am I going to face the future without him ?
He ’s gone … and from this moment on , so is my heart .


Just when I thought moving on was possible , that day and the way it felt would come stumbling back in like a plague , consuming me with its pain .
Sometimes I wanted to imagine it was all just a bad dream , but then reality would strike and the memories came flooding back of the day Carson died , and of the fear that if I ever decided to love again I ’d be doomed to face the same torment .
Bearing that kind of pain again was not something I wanted to endure .
Chapter One


“ Are you sure you want to move back ?
You know , you can stay here as long as you like . ”
My mother ’s warm face showed her concern , and if she had her way she would have made me live with her and my father forever .
As much as I loved my parents , we all knew that I ’d be miserable if I stayed there .
When Carson died , I decided to live with my parents for a while .
I needed to get away to try to deal with my grief , but mostly I did n’t want to be alone .
I had no siblings or close family in Charlotte so I had no other choice except to stay with my parents .
For six months I had lived with them at their beautiful home in the historical district of Charleston , SC .
I loved it there , but it was time for me to go .
After loading the last of my belongings into the trunk of my car , I turned around to face my mother .
I had been told I looked just like her , except for the hair color .
Mine had always been a golden - blonde , whereas hers has always been a deep , chestnut brown .
Also , we both happen to be as stubborn as mules , but my mother never owned up to it .
“ I know I do n’t have to leave , Mom , but I ca n’t stay here anymore .
I appreciate everything you and Dad have done for me , but I have to live my life the way I want to live it , ” I said boldly .
She shook her head in disbelief .
“ But that ’s just it , Kori .
You ’re not living it !
You ’re twenty - eight years old and have so much to live for .
It ’s been six months since Carson died . ”
At the mention of Carson , I knew my mother could see the hurt that passed over my face .
Her voice turned soft and concerned .
“ You need to move on and get your life back on track . ”
I had heard those words from her over and over , and every time it took more and more control to keep my calm .
I did n’t think she would have said that to me if she knew what it felt like to lose the man you loved .
I gritted my teeth and put on a fake smile like I always did in this situation .
My mother knew it was forced , but she went along with it anyway .
“ I ’ m trying , Mom .
That ’s why I ’ m moving back to Charlotte , so I can start over .
I ’ m going to start working again and go from there , ” I informed her , anything to appease her so I could leave .
What I had n’t told her was that I was moving back , but I was n’t going back to mine and Carson ’s home .
I rented a condo and planned to stay there until I got the strength to go back home .
I knew my parents would find out eventually , but for now I did n’t plan on telling them .
My mother sighed and pulled me in for a tight embrace .
Hugging her with all I had , I breathed in her motherly scent , the aroma that had been my comfort growing up .
Other than my grandmother , my mother had always been my biggest supporter .
“ That sounds great , sweetheart .
You ’re always welcome to come back any time you want . ”
Releasing her hold , she looked me in the eyes .
“ I love you , care bear .
You will get through this .
You ’re strong and I have complete and utter faith in you . ”
I nodded , quickly averting my eyes so she could n’t see the tears building up , about to fall .
“ I love you , Mom , ” I said as I opened the car door .
“ I ’ll call Dad when I get on the road to tell him good - bye . ” “ He ’d appreciate that , ” she agreed .
I hated that I ’d missed him , but his job had called him away on business .
He spent most of my childhood years on the road , so I figured that ’s why my mom and I were really close .
She was all I had growing up .
My father was a hard man to get along with , always so stern and overprotective .
However , after being here and spending time with him , it made me realize that all he ever wanted in life was to make me happy and to make sure my mother and I had everything we needed .
My mother began waving at me before I started to back out of the driveway .
When I sidled down the road , I took one last look in the rearview mirror .
She was still waving , and as she slowly disappeared out of view , that ’s when the tears began to fall .
Chapter Two


“ Mr . Matthews ? ” “ Yes , Rebecca ? ”
I replied over the intercom to my assistant .
Her desk was right outside my door , so all she had to do was poke her head in to speak to me , but she insisted on using the intercom .
I liked to amuse her , so replying back on the intercom was only a small price to pay .
Rebecca was in her early sixties and the sweetest lady I ’d ever known , other than my mother .
She was a close family friend and had been in my life since I was a boy .
Ever since my father died , she had started calling me ‘ Mr . Matthews ’ and not Galen .
I tried many times to convince her to stop , but she thought it sounded more professional when the clients were around .
Her high - pitched voice came back over the speakers .
“ Your brother is here .
Should I send him in ? ”
Not expecting to hear this news , I bellowed out a laugh in disbelief .
I could n’t believe my little brother actually came .
“ Send him in ! ”
I called out .
It only took a few seconds before my brother , Brady , came barreling into my office with a huge smirk on his face .
His reddish - brown hair had grown longer since the last time I ’d seen him , and now it curled over his ears and looked slightly unkempt .
That was my brother though .
He lived life like it was a playground ; all fun and games , and care - free .
Everyone would always tell us we were complete opposites , and opposites we were .
I loved having fun and doing crazy things just like him , but sometimes life demanded more from me .
With my conflicting work schedule and Brady living a couple of hours away , I never really saw him except on holidays .
This was definitely a good surprise and a distraction I sorely needed .
“ Wow ! ”
Brady exclaimed , looking wide - eyed as he examined my office .
Smiling and extending my hand , I thought he was going to acknowledge me , but he ignored the gesture and traipsed over to the windows .
From the view that high up , you could see the whole expanse of downtown Charlotte .
It was an amazing view and the sole reason why I had chosen this specific office .
“ It ’s nice to see you , too , ” I mumbled sarcastically , letting my hand drop .
Brady laughed and caught me off guard by pulling me into a brotherly hug .
“ It ’s good to see you , brother .
You know , I think I made a mistake in not pursuing the family business , ” he teased .
“ Hey , it was your decision to play football instead .
You could have easily had all of this , too , ” I stated , glancing around the office .
Brady was never one to want a lot of responsibility , and he made a point to avoid it by all means possible .
He also had no interest in architecture so it would n’t have worked out too well for him anyway .
He looked at me incredulously .
“ I do n’t think so .
I enjoy not working eighty hours a week , and having a life .
Tell me , when was the last time you went out and had any fun ? ”
I shrugged .
“ I ’ll admit it ’s been a while since I ’ve gone out for pleasure , but it ’s not so bad working the hours .
It keeps me busy , and …
I love it . ”
I do love doing what I do , but my brother was right about one thing .
I honestly could n’t remember the last time I went out and had any fun .
“ So what brings you here early ?
The party is n’t until tomorrow night , ” I asked curiously .
“ You ’re never early for anything , and if I recall correctly you were even late to your own wedding . ”
He bellowed out a laugh .
“ Hey , I ca n’t help it that the keys to my car got flushed down the toilet . ”
Brady took the seat across from my desk and smiled at me while he rested his chin in his hand .
When my brother looked like that it could only mean one thing … trouble .
He was twenty - seven years old and still the same jokester he has always been .
I may only be three years older , but the weight of my responsibilities had made me feel a decade older .
“ The last time you had that look we were in college and were almost kicked out because of your schemes .
What are you planning now ? ”
I groaned , but in all reality I was actually curious to know what he had up his sleeve .
“ Well … ” he paused .
“ It ’s not me that ’s planning it , it ’s Jenna . ”
Jenna is Brady ’s wife , a very beautiful and talented woman .
My brother met her in college , and has been whipped ever since .
She ’s also an artist , and her work is absolutely amazing .
Every gallery in the area who has exhibited her paintings was completely wiped out once they went on display .
There were probably about fifty of her works on my floor of the building alone .
“ What may I ask is your wife planning ?
Please tell me she ’s not trying to set me up with someone .
I think I had enough problems with my last one , ” I groaned .
“ Yeah , your last girlfriend was a bitch .
I always wondered what you saw in her .
She had a nice body , but that was about it .
We ’re actually here early because Jenna ’s best friend just moved back from Charleston .
She wanted to spend some time with her and wondered if you would n’t mind if we brought her to the party . ”
This definitely caught my attention , and my eyes went wide at the mention of Jenna ’s ‘ best friend . ’
I knew this best friend , and I knew her well .
I could n’t help the thoughts circling through my mind at the possibility of seeing the woman he spoke of again .
The last time I saw her was years ago and she had just gotten married .
“ Is her husband coming with her ? ”
I asked skeptically .
As much as seeing her would be amazing , I really did n’t want to see her with her husband .
Taking a deep breath , Brady heaved a large sigh .
A frown now marred his face and his eyes grew sad .
Not knowing what to expect , I was n’t prepared to hear his next words .
“ That ’s the thing , Galen .
Korinne ’s husband passed away about six months ago .
He was in a car accident and suffered severe internal injuries .
She was devastated and left Charlotte to live with her parents in Charleston for a while .
We just heard she moved back and Jenna had this crazy notion that if we got you two together it ’ll help her friend .
Apparently , Korinne has n’t been coping too well with the loss . ”
This news stunned me into silence .
I could n’t help but feel a twinge of anger over the tragedy , anger from no one telling me and anger for the pain Korinne had to go through .
Brady should have known I would want to know .
“ Why did n’t anyone tell me ? ”
I demanded incredulously .
My brother shrugged his shoulder , and it was clear in his eyes that he realized he should have told me , knowing that if it involved Korinne I would have wanted to know .
I could remember her as if it was yesterday .
When we were in college , her golden - blonde hair was long and wavy , resting just past her shoulders , and her smoky gray eyes could see straight through your soul .
She was also a fun , caring young woman with a heart so passionate it would make any man fall hard for her .
I know I did , so much so that to this day I still think of her often .
A short time after Jenna began dating my brother , they introduced me to Korinne .
Before she decided to transfer to a design school in Raleigh , we spent a lot of time together and grew really close , even though we knew we were doomed for heartache .
We knew a long distance relationship would be tedious and complicated , so we kept it as casual as we could in the beginning .
It did n’t work for long , because feelings started to develop on both fronts , and there was no way I could hold back after that .
I fell in love hard .
The night before she left , I showed up at her apartment to tell her good - bye .
We were both devastated and heartbroken , and then one thing led to another .
Even though we had sex plenty of times before that , there was something about that night that drew me in more , against my better judgment .
I needed her , and she needed me .
I held her while she cried , and made love to her the entire night .
We both knew there would never be another chance , so we took the night for ourselves .
Brady hesitated and then finally answered , “ I do n’t know why I did n’t say anything .
It was really tragic the way it all happened .
Jenna was heartbroken for her friend , and we just did n’t discuss it for a while .
I ’ m giving you fair warning though …
Jenna ’s on a mission , and I ’ m sure you can imagine what that mission is . ” “ I just wish you would have told me .
There probably was n’t anything I could have done , but it would have been nice to know . ”
I paused to let that sink in and then I asked , “ So Jenna ’s playing matchmaker again ? ”
Nodding sheepishly , Brady smiled .
“ If I could stop her I would , but you know how she gets .
She ’s a determined woman . ” “ I think I can handle it , and anything else your wife has in mind .
As a matter of fact , I ’ m looking forward to it , but I wonder what Korinne will say about all of this . ” “ There ’s no telling .
Jenna was nervous about asking her . ”
Laughing , Brady stood from his seat .
“ Well , I better get going since I ’ m sure you ’re dying to get back to work . ” “ Very funny , little brother .
I guess I ’ll see you all tomorrow night . ” “ I would n’t miss it . ”
He turned to head for the door , but paused and turned back around .
“ Oh yeah , I have another favor to ask you , ” he said while cringing .
“ What do you want now ? ”
I questioned .
“ Jenna is staying with Korinne tonight .
Do you mind if I crash at your place ?
I really do n’t want to stay at Mom ’s , ” he begged .
I shook my head , exasperated .
“ Please tell me you ’ve thought about this .
If she finds out you ’re in town and you did n’t stay with her she ’s never going to let you live that down . ”
Brady groaned and nodded .
“ I know , it ’s just that she drives me crazy sometimes . ”
The past year had been a rough one for my family .
My father passed away five months ago , and we all took it pretty hard , especially my mother .
Luckily , she seemed to be on the mend .
I , however , had inherited the family business , and with that came a lot of responsibilities .
Taking the keys from the desk drawer , I handed Brady the key to my house .
He snatched it up excitedly and looked at it as if it was a treasure .
“ Do n’t mess with anything while you ’re there , you hear me ?
I do n’t want it to be like last time when you cost me hundreds of dollars to get my things fixed , ” I ordered in a serious tone .
“ You have nothing to worry about , ” he promised .
Yeah right , I thought .
Once my brother had gone , I was left to the silence of my office while thoughts of Korinne and our last night together replayed repeatedly in my mind .
Tomorrow I was holding the quarterly cocktail party for my employees , and for once I was actually looking forward to it .
The question was … would Korinne be looking forward to it , too ?
Chapter Three


The boxes in the room surrounded me , and there was hardly any place to walk , or even see the floor for that matter .
The desire to unpack or decorate anything was not something I wanted to do .
What is ironic about that , is decorating had been what I loved most before Carson died .
Being hired to decorate for a living had earned me a name in these parts of the state .
Magazines had featured me , and newspapers had run articles on my talents .
However , all of that felt like a dream now .
I did n’t feel like that person anymore .
When Carson died , my ambition to do anything died along with him .
I thought coming back home was what would hopefully help me find my way to that spark again .
I wanted to have my life back , a life where I could be happy .
It was just the fear that held me captive .
I rented a furnished condo in the south - east district of Charlotte , NC .
It was one of the smaller condos in this development , but I had no need for the extra space .
I preferred the close quarters because anything larger would ’ve made the loneliness seem greater .
My phone buzzed , rescuing me from my thoughts .
Looking down at the screen , I saw that it was my life - long friend , Jenna Perry , now Matthews , since she got married .
The name on the screen read ‘ Twink ’ which was the nickname she had gotten in college .
A few drunken nights had left us with some pretty ridiculous nicknames .
Mine happened to be ‘ Ducky ’ and Jenna loved to use it .
We met in college and had become instant friends .
We kept in touch after I transferred , and saw each other often .
Once she got married to Brady , they packed up and moved a couple of hours away .
I missed her greatly , and wished every day that she could be here with me .
Hearing her voice was exactly what I needed .
“ Hey , Twink . ” “ Where are you ? ” she demanded , sounding impatient and concerned .
“ I called your parents a few hours ago and they said you decided to come home .
Why did n’t you tell me ? ”
I sighed .
“ Because I did n’t want to bother you .
I did n’t think it would be a big deal . ” “ Well , it is a big deal when I drive all the way to your house and it looks like a ghost town .
You ’re not here , so where are you ? ” she ordered again with more force in her tone .
“ What ’s going on ? ” “ Wait ! ”
I exclaimed .
“ You ’re in town ?
I did n’t know you were coming down . ” “ Yes , I came to see you , silly .
Now stop dodging the question .
Where are you ? ”
I had hoped to keep my living situation a secret , but again it ’s a secret that could n’t be kept for too long .
Sinking down into the cold leather of my stiff couch , I decided it was best to try and explain to my friend how weak I had been , and how I could n’t handle walking into the house I shared with Carson .
“ I could n’t do it , Twink .
I thought I could go home , but I do n’t think I can face it alone .
I ’ m just not ready .
I rented a condo not far from the house , so I ’ m going to stay here for a few months until I get back on my feet . ”
If there ’s anyone I could admit my weaknesses to , it would be Jenna , but it killed me to sound so weak .
I had always been the strong and stubborn female out of my friends .
Always the leader , the one who took charge and would n’t take shit from anyone .
Where was that woman , the one who was strong and fearless ?
How can I get her back , and how long was it going to take to feel normal again ?
“ Give me your address and I ’ll be right there .
And just so you know , I ’ m staying the night because tomorrow we have big plans . ”
She screamed the last part in my ear , so obviously she was excited about something .
I groaned .
“ What kind of plans are you talking about ? ”
Knowing her , it could be anything .
“ I ’ll tell you later , but for now we ’re going to have some girl time .
I ’ m bringing the cookie dough ice cream ! ” she squealed .
I could just picture her now , jumping up and down with a goofy grin on that face of hers .
It made it hard for me not to smile , and if anyone could get me to smile it would be her .
After giving her my address , she said she would be right there and hung up .
Now I wondered what those plans were for tomorrow night .
Chapter Four


“ What kind of party are we going to that requires me to dress like this ? ”
I asked skeptically .
Obviously amused , Jenna smiled at me , winking for emphasis .
“ Ducky , stop worrying .
You look fantastic . ”
She grinned sweetly .
I watched her as she put on the finishing touches of her makeup and fluffed her brown curls until they were perfect .
The dress Jenna made me wear was very beautiful and worked perfectly for the weather , since it was a chilly night in March .
The black sweater dress fit snugly over my slight curves , but had somewhat of an itchy feel to it that was kind of annoying .
Luckily I knew I would get used to it .
Jenna came behind me and placed a thick silver belt across my midsection and fastened it in the back .
Groaning at her persistence , I knew it was no use to argue with her .
I had argued with her for an hour while she did my hair and makeup .
When Jenna gets into one of her determined mood swings there ’s nothing that anyone can do to stop her .
Once Carson died there was no reason for me to get dressed up and go out .
It felt pointless because I knew I would be spending the whole time depressed while other couples were together and having fun .
‘ Date nights ’ were what I looked forward to most with Carson .
We would eat at one of our favorite restaurants , take long walks in the park , and then we would go back home and talk for hours on the little pier behind our house overlooking the lake .
Afterwards , we would go inside and make love to each other until the sun came up the next morning .
I missed the way his hands felt when he touched my body , and the way he tasted when he would kiss me .
Knowing I would never feel those things again with my husband sent the pain shooting straight through my heart .
Why did memories have to hurt ?
They were good memories , but the pain of them still left an aching in my chest .
I did n’t want to feel that way anymore .
All I wanted was to be happy .
“ Korinne !
Kori ! ”
Jenna yelled .
Jerking to attention , I looked at Jenna wide - eyed and snapped , “ Why are you yelling at me ?
I ’ m standing right here ! ” “ I know , but I ’ve been talking to you for the past five minutes .
When I looked at you it was like you were in another world .
Are you okay ? ”
Her voice took on the motherly tone she always had when she was worried .
Placing her hands on my shoulders , Jenna turned me to face her .
Her soft , brown eyes raked over me with concern and sympathy , and it reminded me of my mother because she had spent the last six months looking at me the same way .
“ I ’ll be fine , ” I assured her , holding back the tears as best I could .
“ I just got caught up in some memories .
I have n’t been out since my last date night with Carson , so it kind of hurts knowing this will be my first time without him . ”
She nodded and said softly , “ It ’s understandable .
I know that it ’ll be hard to get back on track , but I have faith in you .
You can do this .
Brady texted and said he ’ll be here in five minutes . ”
Brady and Jenna met in college and now they were happily married .
We used to have some fun times in college together before I relocated to a different school .
Not long after I transferred , I met Carson .
It was at a little coffee shop near Duke where he was attending med school .
He happened to be standing too close to me at the counter , so when I turned around I bumped into him and my coffee splattered all over his clothes .
Needless to say , it was n’t love at first sight , but it soon grew to love and then to marriage .
Jenna ’s phone buzzed , signaling that Brady was there and I needed to get my mind focused on trying to have fun .
Straightening my shoulders , I put on a smile and grabbed for my clutch .
“ Let ’s go , ” I urged with forced enthusiasm .
That night was going to be my first giant step to achieving somewhat of a normal life .
Brady was waiting for us by his car , and of course his eyes lit up the moment he saw Jenna .
Whose would n’t ?
She was beautiful and smart , and stunning in her form - fitting red dress .
Brady ’s reddish - brown hair had grown since the last time I saw him , but his midnight blue eyes were still the same .
He was a twenty - seven year old pro - football player that had a career ending injury during his first year .
Now he coached his local high school ’s football team , and Jenna said he absolutely loved it .
“ It ’s good to see you again , Korinne , ” he stated warmly , opening the car door for me .
“ I hope you ’re excited about tonight . ”
The undertone to his voice had me curious , like he was up to something .
Most likely he was , because he would act the same way when we were in college when he was cooking up trouble .
“ Thank you .
It ’s good to see you , too , ” I said , narrowing my eyes at him .
I slid into the backseat and he gave me a wolfish grin before shutting the door .
Oh yeah , something was up .
He kissed Jenna on the cheek before opening the door for her to climb in the front .
He may be a complete jokester , but I ’d only ever seen him treat Jenna with the utmost care and respect .
Their personalities complemented each other perfectly .
“ You two look amazing together , ” I whispered softly .
“ He has his moments , ” Jenna admitted , staring at her husband as he made his way to his side of the car .
“ But I know without a doubt that one of these days someone will come into your life and heal that heart of yours . ” “ I would n’t count on that , ” I mumbled .
“ We ’ll see . ”
She smiled .
Once Brady was in the car and we were headed on our way , I decided to try and figure out what was going on .
“ Brady ? ”
I began .
He quickly acknowledged me , but then turned his face back to the road .
“ Yeah , ” he replied .
“ Jenna here would n’t tell me where we ’re going .
Would you be so kind as to tell me ? ”
I said , giving Jenna a sideways glance .
He and Jenna looked at each other and it seemed like a silent conversation took place between them .
When Jenna gave the final glare , Brady threw his hands up and sighed .
“ I guess we ca n’t keep it a secret for long , ” he announced .
“ Why do you always leave the hard parts for me ? ” he asked Jenna , giving her a glare .
Directing the conversation to me , he casually explained , “ My brother invited us to a cocktail party that his company has every so often in appreciation to the employees .
Ever since he took over , he does this for everyone .
It ’s his way of giving back to them for working so hard . ” “ You ca n’t be serious , ” I shrieked , astounded and scared all in one .
“ Did I just hear you right ?
We are talking about Galen , am I correct ? ” “ Yes . ”
Brady grinned sheepishly .
My heart began beating rapidly and my jittery nerves had me shaking .
I had n’t seen Galen since Jenna and Brady ’s wedding , and I remembered being nervous about it because he was going to be seeing me with Carson .
He had moved on to another woman , who I met at the wedding .
She was a snooty looking brunette who gave me the evil eye the whole time , and I could n’t stop wondering why Galen would ’ve gotten mixed up with a bitch like that .
“ Does he know I ’ m coming ? ”
I asked nervously .
Brady nodded .
“ Yes , he does .
I talked to him about it yesterday .
I think he ’s happy he gets to see you again . ”
What the hell am I going to say to him when I see him ?
I thought to myself .
I slowly sat back against the seat as we approached downtown Charlotte .
When I got my degree in interior design , I had always thought I would one day work for this area ’s lead architectural firm .
It just so happened that it ’s Galen ’s family business .
His dad had brought it up from nothing to the giant success it is now .
I always anticipated a call from them , but it never happened .
We pulled up outside of the huge high - rise building of M&M Architectural Building and Design .
The valet attendants were in abundance that night , and were eagerly awaiting the guests .
Every time I see valets , I have a Ferris Bueller moment .
Like for instance , the part in the movie where the two men took the nice , red sports car out for a ride while Ferris and his friends enjoyed a day downtown .
Sometimes I wondered if that stuff actually happened in real life .
“ All right , ladies , let ’s go ! ”
Brady called out .
The lobby we entered had me frozen in place the moment we walked in .
If there was a heaven in the designing world , it would be here .
I had never seen anything so immaculate in all my years of decorating , but what caught my attention were the various paintings .
Jenna ’s artwork was splayed everywhere , and I knew it was hers because I had seen her work on many occasions .
How come she never told me about any of this ?
I wondered .
“ Kori , stop gawking and come on , ” Jenna snapped playfully .
I narrowed my eyes at her .
“ You have a lot of explaining to do . ” “ I know , and I ’ll tell you all about it later , but we ’re already running late . ”
Pointing my eyes in Brady ’s direction , I stated adamantly , “ Yeah , and we all know why we ’re running late . ”
Jenna laughed as I followed them to the elevators .
It did n’t surprise me when I saw Brady push the top level button .
When the doors shut , we made our way up the dozens of floors until the elevator finally opened .
I was amazed to see that there were hundreds of people milling about in the wide open expanse of the room beyond .
It was an open - style room with tables lined up everywhere , drinks and food decorating every single surface .
It almost looked too good to eat .
All sides of the room were nothing but glass windows , and I bet if I were to go to them I would see all of downtown and then some .
I bet I could see my condo development from there as well .
“ Ladies , have fun and mingle .
I ’ m going to find my brother , ” Brady said before snagging a glass of champagne from the table .
Jenna and I both grabbed one as well , and I welcomed it .
I was probably going to need more than one to cool my anxious nerves .
“ Let ’s get something to eat .
The food looks amazing ! ”
Jenna exclaimed .
We ate a few bites of food from the many tables , and I had to say the party was impressive .
I ’d been to a few designing conventions , but never to anything as grand .
It had to be hard to find employers that would do this kind of thing for their employees .
I bet they all loved Galen .
I know I did years ago .
Gazing at the beautiful lights of downtown , Jenna and I stood there with our wine and admired the view .
“ Are you nervous about seeing him again ? ”
Jenna asked .
I laughed .
“ You have no idea .
It ’s been so long since I ’ve seen him . ”
Jenna rubbed my shoulder and smiled .
“ I ’ m sure you two will be just fine . ” “ You ’re not trying to set me up with him again , are you ? ”
I wondered .
Jenna avoided any and all eye contact with me , and that was answer enough .
Before I was able to protest , I saw Brady ’s reflection in the window .
Walking alongside of him was his brother , Galen .
A chill ran down my spine , making me shiver , and it was n’t the temperature in the room .
Galen ’s gaze never left mine as he moved closer and closer .
The world began to move in slow motion as I stood there frozen and locked in his powerful trance .
Jenna broke me out of the daze by grabbing my arm and pulling me around to face the man I had left years ago .
The same man I had loved and hated to leave .
“ Kori , look who it is ! ”
Jenna let me go and gave Galen an excited hug .
“ It ’s so good to see you again , Galen ! ” “ Same to you Jenna , ” he replied , although his focus was purely on me .
Galen looked the same as he did before ; only now more rugged , yet sophisticated .
His spiky , ash - blond hair glistened in the soft , serene light of the room , and his eyes were the same majestic blue that would make anyone melt at first glance .
They were so clear they looked almost magical , and for a moment there I was beginning to think that magic was swaying me in . Galen smiled , probably because I was staring , but for some reason I could n’t seem to move much less think .
“ Thank you for letting me come , Galen , ” I stammered awkwardly .
I did n’t know whether to hug him or hold out my hand , so I did the latter .
He took my hand and instead of shaking it he just held it tenderly in his .
For a moment there I forgot to breathe , and I basked in the pleasure of his touch .
“ No thanks necessary .
I ’ m glad you could come . ”
Still holding my hand , he looked over at his brother .
“ Can you believe it ’s actually the first time I could get my brother to come to one of my parties ? ” “ You know , I could n’t care less about these types of things , ” Brady mocked while looking around the room , feigning boredom .
I could tell he was lying by the glint in his eye .
Brady was never one to not enjoy a good party .
“ Brady , honey , why do n’t we get something to eat , ” Jenna insisted .
She winked at me behind Galen ’s back , and I narrowed my eyes at her , wondering what she was trying to do .
Glaring at Jenna , I pulled my hand gently from Galen ’s clasp .
I did not sign up for Jenna to play matchmaker with me .
Even though Galen and I had a past , I did n’t think I was ready for anything like that yet .
My hands went clammy and my heart felt like it was in my throat .
“ But you already ate , Jenna , ” I said with an edge to my tone .
I knew she clearly understood what I meant by that tone , but she smiled and quickly peeked over at Galen before looking back to me .
“ It ’s okay , ” Galen interrupted , looking at his brother and my traitorous friend .
“ I ’ll keep her company .
She ’ll be safe with me . ”
For some reason I did n’t believe him .
No part of my body was safe with Galen around .
He lightly grasped my elbow and led me to a secluded corner of the room , where we sat on a vacant sofa .
“ I ’ m so glad you came .
Are you enjoying yourself ? ” he asked .
I nodded while taking a sip of my champagne .
“ I am actually .
It ’s the first time I ’ve been out in a while .
You seem to be doing very well for yourself , ” I pointed out , looking around the room .
Shrugging , he smiled .
“ I ’ m managing pretty well I guess . ” “ I ’ m actually impressed with the setup you have here .
I bet your employees love you !
I mean , look at them , ” I said , watching the crowd .
“ They seem happy , all smiling and laughing . ”
I paused because I was rambling , and Galen knew that rambling is what I do when I get nervous .
He laughed and took my hand .
“ Korinne , you do n’t need to be nervous . ”
My face turned scarlet red in that moment , so I bowed my head and bit my lip to hide the embarrassment .
Galen released my hand and settled it on my leg .
His fingers brushed my thigh and it made everything inside of me burn hot .
Shifting in the seat , I cleared my throat and moved over a little bit on the couch so I could have more space .
Meeting his steady , yet amused , gaze I found my voice to speak again , something to get my mind off of his touch .
“ How does it feel to be owner of one of the most sought out architectural firms in the United States ? ”
Galen shrugged .
“ When my dad died it was hard , but it was a learning process .
I seem to be doing well I think . ”
He tilted his head to the side and studied me .
“ How about you ?
I ’ve heard some amazing things about your talents .
I believe I saw you in a couple of magazines , if I ’ m not mistaken . ”
I grinned .
“ Yes , that was me .
It feels like that was a long time ago . ”
We sat there in silence for a moment , and I hesitated before I spoke my next words .
“ You know , I always wondered if I would hear from you , ” I said softly .
Averting my gaze , I took a sip of the champagne .
I would have loved to work for M&M , but given mine and Galen ’s past , I knew it probably would n’t have been such a good idea .
I did n’t think Carson would ’ve liked it if I worked for a man I used to be in love with .
“ I did , ” Galen admitted .
Choking on my drink , I coughed a couple of times as his admission sunk in .
“ What do you mean ?
When . . . how ? ”
I sputtered .
Deep in thought , Galen rubbed his smoothly shaven chin and looked down at the floor .
“ If I ’ m not mistaken , it was about four months ago , but I was told you had taken a leave of absence .
I ’ m assuming it was after your husband passed away . ” “ That ’s true , ” I confessed sadly .
“ But who did you speak to ?
I never knew you called . ” “ I believe it was your mother .
I did n’t want to pry , so I left you be in hopes that one day you would get back to me , ” he added .
“ My life was a bit harder back then , ” I stated .
“ I left Charlotte and moved to Charleston to stay with my family for a while . ” “ Are you back in business now ?
We could always use your expertise , ” he said while playfully nudging me in the side .
I could tell he was trying to lighten the mood .
I smiled at his playfulness , but I knew my eyes showed the sadness I felt .
“ Actually , I ’ m not decorating at the moment .
I just do n’t feel like I ’ m ready , ” I admitted softly .
“ I understand .
Take all the time you need , but when you do decide to start back , make sure you let me know , ” he pleaded .
I smiled .
“ I ’ll keep that in mind . ”
Galen laughed , and I saw the dimple in his left cheek that I used to always love back when we were in college .
My fingers ached to touch it , and I almost brought my hand up to do just that .
Luckily I caught myself in time and clasped my hands firmly together .
It all brought back memories .
Memories of a time when we were carefree and happy and of a time when we were always together .
Galen sidled closer and reached for my hand again .
His hands were warm , and that warmth travelled to every nerve ending of my body .
I missed having a man ’s touch , and Galen ’s was one I remembered very well .
Wait , what was I thinking ?
I should n’t be feeling that way .
I could n’t let myself fall for someone again , even if that person was a man I ’d already fallen for once .
Jenna and Brady were heading our way and I could n’t have been happier .
I feared what my traitorous heart was going to do if I stayed there with Galen much longer .
“ Kori , it ’s getting late .
I think we ’re about to leave .
Are you ready to go ? ”
Jenna asked with a smirk .
Letting out a relieved sigh , I quickly stood and moved away from Galen .
Jenna saved me from getting too close .
It ’s too dangerous to be that close to him .
“ I can drive you home if you want to stay , ” Galen insisted .
My heart screamed for me to stay , but my head was telling me to leave and never look back .
I glanced from Galen to Jenna .
They both appeared hopeful , but I knew I was about to burst both their bubbles .
“ I ’ m a little tired .
I think I ’ll go home , ” I revealed sheepishly .
“ I ’ll be out of town for the next three weeks , but I would love to give you a call when I get back .
Maybe we could have coffee or dinner ? ” he suggested .
Galen searched my face for an answer , but I kept my expressions blank .
My emotions were everywhere and I did n’t know exactly how I was supposed to feel .
It was all so confusing .
“ We ’ll see , ” were the only words I could muster up .
“ Whenever you ’re ready , ” Galen offered .
Smiling at him , I turned around to follow Brady and Jenna to the elevators .
Before the doors closed , the last thing I saw were Galen ’s piercing blue eyes staring straight into my soul and into my heart .
Chapter Five


Three weeks had passed with no word from Galen .
In a way I secretly wished he would call , but I also thought it would be good if he did n’t .
Our relationship was full of heat and passion when we were together , and I knew that if we picked up where we left off years ago there would be no protecting my heart .
My phone buzzed , and I saw that it was a text from Jenna .


Twink : Has he called yet ?
Me : Nope .
Twink : Give it time , I ’ m sure he will .
Me : It may be best if he does n’t .
Twink : Yeah , yeah .
Keep telling yourself that .


My phone rang only a few seconds after the last text , so I was assuming it was going to be Jenna trying to argue with me .
Unfortunately , I did n’t look at the caller ID before answering the phone .
“ Leave me alone about it , Jenna ! ”
I screamed into the phone .
“ Korinne ? ” a deep , male voice said on the other end .
I pulled the phone away from my ear to look at the number , not recognizing it , but I would know that voice from anywhere .
“ Hi !
Yes , this is Korinne .
I ’ m sorry about yelling in your ear , but can I ask who ’s calling ? ”
I asked , trying to sound like I did n’t know who it was .
“ Please tell me you have n’t forgotten about me already ? ” he teased .
“ Galen ? ”
I asked , sounding surprised .
“ Yes , it ’s me .
I told you I would call when I got back in town .
Did you not believe me ? ” “ Honestly ?
No , I did n’t think you would , ” I confessed .
“ Would you have preferred I did n’t ? ”
I hesitated .
“ No , it ’s not that . ”
Galen sighed in disbelief .
“ You know me better than that , Kori .
It may have been years since we ’ve talked , but I ’ m still the same . ”
Hearing that confession , and the way his voice sounded deep and masculine with a hint of desire and longing , made my heart feel things it should n’t have been feeling .
“ Hey , listen … what are your plans for tonight ? ”
I paused for a few seconds before I responded , “ Umm … nothing I do n’t think . ” “ Great ! ” he exclaimed .
“ I ’ll pick you up at seven o’ clock .
Oh yeah , make sure to wear comfortable clothes .
A T - shirt and jeans would be perfect . ”
He sounded excited , and I admit I was curious .
He was always fun and spontaneous , and I remember loving that about him .
“ Galen , I do n’t know what your intentions are , but I ’ m going as friends .
I hope you understand . ”
He had to know that we could n’t pick up where things left off .
“ Korinne , ” he spoke softly .
“ I understand more than you know .
I ’ m perfectly fine with taking things slow .
Let ’s just go out and have some fun .
We could both use it . ” “ Then it ’s a deal , ” I agreed happily , and at least for the time being I knew I was safe .


Galen arrived on time to pick me up and I was surprised to see that he came in the old blue truck he had when we were in college .
I could n’t believe he still had it after all those years .
“ With all the money you make , I would think you could afford a newer car , ” I teased .
He scoffed playfully and caressed the dashboard .
“ You ca n’t tell me you did n’t miss ole blue . ”
The corner of his lip curled into a smirk and he turned to look at me .
“ I do have other cars , Korinne , but I thought you would enjoy seeing Big Blue again .
He ’s been kept away for far too long . ” “ I do n’t care what car you drive , Galen .
Big blue is perfectly fine .
It gives you character .
Most men with your money would be flaunting it around like crazy and using it to impress people .
You ’ve never been like that , and I ’ m glad you are n’t now , ” I admitted whole - heartedly .
He smiled warmly at me , and for the rest of the drive we continued on in silence .
It did n’t take long before we reached our destination .
Peering out the window , my jaw dropped the instant I saw the sign on the building .
I then understood why he told me to wear jeans and a T - shirt .
It was because we were at an indoor race track .
“ What exactly are we doing here ? ”
I asked , curious and bewildered .
The race cars at that place were known to be fast and powerful .
Surely he was n’t expecting me to race one .
Galen must have noticed my hesitance , because he grabbed my hand and tried desperately not to laugh at me .
He failed miserably .
“ Trust me , you ’ll be fine .
It ’s been a while since I ’ve been here , but it ’s really fun .
You ’ll enjoy it . ”
He tucked a strand of hair behind my ear , and to my surprise I leaned into his touch .
That reaction was not what I was expecting , but what really concerned me was that I actually liked it .
Get it together , Korinne , I thought to myself .
No words were spoken as we both smiled at each other before getting out of the truck .
Grabbing the two duffel bags out of the backseat , Galen carried them with us inside .
We made it to the counter and were given disclaimer forms to fill out before we rode .
If I was scared before , this made me even more anxious .
Squeezing my shoulder , Galen whispered in my ear , “ You ’ll be fine .
Just relax and have fun , okay ? ”
Taking a deep breath , I gave him a nod before signing my life away on that dotted line .
“ If I die , I ’ m going to haunt you in your sleep , ” I promised .
He laughed .
“ Stop being dramatic .
They have to make everyone sign those forms just in case something did happen .
As far as I know , no one has ever gotten hurt here . ”
I used to not think twice before doing stuff like this , but after Carson ’s accident there was always the fear that something could go wrong with anything I did .
I knew it was n’t a way to live life , but I felt more comfortable taking the safe road .
When it was time to pay , I reached into my back pocket to pull out my money .
Galen pushed me out of the way and laid his own money out for the guy at the counter .
When I scowled at him he laughed .
“ Now what kind of gentleman would I be if I did n’t pay ? ”
That earned him a smack on the arm and a low growl from me , which in return I was graced with a smug expression .
“ I can pay for myself you know .
I do n’t expect you to pay for everything , ” I argued .
“ You have n’t changed a bit , have you ?
You used to say the same thing to me when we were in college , ” he pointed out .
“ I remember , ” I said , laughing .
“ I felt bad for you paying all of the time . ” “ I tell you what , next time you can pay .
How does that sound ? ”
Galen asked .
Shaking my head , I narrowed my eyes at him .
“ It ’s no use .
You ’ll still find a way around it . ” “ Not if it means I get to spend more time with you .
It ’s been so long , and I want to catch up , ” he admitted .
“ We ’ll see , ” I told him .
“ I ’ m sure you do n’t want to hear everything about my life . ” “ Actually , I do , ” he said , looking deeply into my eyes .
I averted my gaze from his hypnotic stare and asked , “ So what do we do now ? ”
Taking my arm , Galen directed me into another room where there were gray jumpsuits of various sizes hanging on the racks .
“ We need to get you fitted for your jumpsuit , ” he advised .
“ Do I have to take my clothes off in here ? ”
I shrieked .
I was definitely not going to undress in front of him .
Galen shook his head and laughed .
“ No , you put it on over your clothes . ” “ Whew … thank goodness . ”
I sighed .
After getting fitted for our jumpsuits , Galen finally opened the two bags he brought in with us , which happened to be motorcycle helmets .
“ Are you trying to tell me you ride motorcycles now , too ? ”
I asked incredulously .
“ Maybe .
Would you want a ride some time ? ” he asked , giving me a wicked smile .
It seemed like Galen had gotten a little more adventurous over the years .
“ No , not really . ”
I shivered when I spoke .
“ Very well , but I think you would like it if you gave it a try . ” “ I do n’t think so . ”
As we waited for our turn to drive , Galen inched closer to me so our arms were lightly touching .
It had been a while since I ’d been this close to a man , and what made it more complicated was that Galen was n’t just a man , he was a man that I had fallen in love with and become intimate with many years ago .
There was a past there that I could n’t escape from .
The heat from his closeness sent tingles shooting straight through my body .
Even the barest of touches had me yearning for more .
How could I want the feel of a man so badly ?
Had I been deprived from a man ’s touch for too long , or could it be that it was Galen ’s touch I craved ?
“ So what are you going to do now that you ’re back at home ? ” he asked , breaking me away from my dangerous thoughts .
“ I have n’t really thought about it , ” I confessed truthfully .
“ If you want , you could always come to the firm and I could show you around .
I think you would like it .
Maybe it would inspire you if you saw some of the things I was working on . ” “ If I did n’t know any better , I would say that you ’re trying to persuade me to get my mojo back and go work for you . ”
He smirked , “ Maybe … is it working ? ” “ All right you two , you ’re up ! ”
We both turned to see the guy from the front counter waving at us and pointing to the cars .
It was our time to race .
When I climbed into the car , I had no clue how to strap myself in .
“ How do all of these straps work ? ”
I asked Galen .
He rolled his eyes playfully at me and helped me fasten my harness .
“ Our conversation is n’t over , Korinne .
You may have dodged me now , but I ’ m not going to give up on you .
You have a talent and I ’ m going to make sure you find it again , ” he promised before leaving me to settle in the car beside me .
His words sent chills down my body .
If he could help me find what I ’d lost that would be wonderful , but at what cost ?
My heart would surely be in jeopardy .
Glancing over at me , Galen smiled before he lowered the tinted visor on his helmet .
Thinking of work would come at another time , right now I had to focus on one thing , and that was trying my best not to look like a moron by driving off the track .
Lowering my visor , I gripped the steering wheel with all my might .
Blisters were going to be all over my hands and fingers once we were done .
When the green light appeared , we were off .
I was shaky at first , and definitely took the turns with ease , but the adrenaline of the race had me pumped and squealing with delight .
I never expected to feel that .
Each second I got closer to Galen , he would go faster and take off without me .
He kept taunting me by slowing down and letting me catch up , only to speed away and leave me in the dust .
He was going to pay for that next time when I ’d had a little more practice to get better .


With my arms crossed at the chest , I eyed him with a determined stare .
“ I will beat you the next time we go back , ” I warned him .
Galen laughed .
“ I promise to take you back to give you another chance .
You did n’t do too bad your first time .
With more practice I think you could beat me . ” “ I know I can beat you . ”
We both laughed , but when we pulled up to my condo , the excitement I was feeling turned into full - out nervousness .
I had never thought about what would happen at the end of our night , which was when normal couples usually kissed before ending a date .
We were n’t a couple , but we used to be , which made it more complicated .
My heart fluttered a million miles a minute when he turned the engine off .
Clearing my throat , I intentionally avoided his gaze .
“ If you do n’t mind , I ’ll walk you to your door , ” he insisted .
Turning to him quickly , I said , “ Oh no , you do n’t have to do that .
I ’ m sure I can manage by myself . ”
I could feel the heat rising to my cheeks .
Is it hot in the car , or is it just me ?
I wondered .
Breathing became harder when I realized what the problem was .
I was afraid .
Afraid of what this relationship would mean if I gave into it .
“ I know you can manage by yourself , but I want to .
I always walked you to your door before . ”
He gave me his enchanting smile , and like the idiot I was it lured me in . “ Yeah , but we were in college and it was never safe for the females to walk alone at night on campus , ” I said , trying to open the door .
Big Blue was always a pain to get out of .
Exiting the car , he swiftly came over to my side to open the door .
“ Thank you .
I do n’t think Big Blue wanted to let me out . ”
I laughed .
“ He never did , ” he admitted softly .
I could feel the hidden meaning behind those words , but I did n’t address it .
We walked side by side up the steps to my third floor condo , and the whole way up I gripped the keys tightly in my hand to keep them from shaking .
When we reached the door I made no attempt to unlock it for fear that if he came inside there would be a chance he would n’t be leaving anytime soon .
“ What are you doing next weekend ? ”
Galen asked .
He leaned up against the door casually and crossed his arms .
My eyes drifted to those muscular biceps and I remembered all too well how they felt when he was holding me close .
His arms were one of my favorite parts of his body .
Galen was n’t a stocky man , but his arms were nothing except muscle .
His T - shirt fit snugly around his biceps , and in that moment I craved to have those arms around me .
“ Are you asking me out again so soon ? ”
I teased .
His shoulders shook with silent laughter , and again he gave me that dashing smile .
“ Yes , I am .
I had more fun with you tonight than I ’ve had in a really long time , and I know you had fun , too .
Your smile said it all . ”
Moving closer , he engulfed me in the pure , masculine scent of him that was all male .
His voice dipped lower when he revealed his next thought , “ And I ’ve missed you .
I ’ve thought about you every day since you left . ”
I did n’t know how to respond to his last comment so I tried to play it off .
It was too soon to speak the words that were really on my mind .
I could n’t tell him that I wondered about him , too .
“ Are you going to be taking up all my weekends ?
Because I have to tell you , I might be busy on some of them , ” I joked teasingly .
His lip curled up in a seductive smirk .
“ I ’ll take my chances . ” “ I ’ m not going to lie …
I would n’t mind you taking up my weekends , but remember I want to keep this on a friend level .
Okay ? ”
He nodded .
“ I understand .
Well , how about this ?
You pick what we do next weekend .
It ’s your turn to pay anyway , since you were so adamant about paying at the track .
I ’ll leave it up to you to take this to whatever level you want it . ” “ Agreed , ” I said approvingly .
Uncrossing his arms , he moved away from the door .
He pulled me in for a hug , and at first I stiffened , but then the heat of his body had me liquefying where I stood .
Relishing in the familiar scent of his cologne , and from him in general , I moved closer to breathe him in .
He made me shiver in response when he sighed in my ear .
“ I do n’t want to overstep the boundaries you have , but I ’ve missed this .
I ’ve missed the way you feel in my arms . ”
His warm breath tickled along my neck , sending goose bumps down the whole expanse of my body .
He pulled back slightly from the embrace , and in my heart I wanted to protest .
When I did n’t respond , he asked softly , “ Do you not have anything to say about that ? ” “ I ’ m not sure what to say , ” I whispered .
“ You ’ll know soon . ”
Surprising me , he laid a soft , gentle kiss upon my cheek before releasing his arms around my waist .
He made sure to let his fingers linger a little longer than normal on my hips .
I smirked at him to let him know I caught it , and he smiled in response .
Backing up slowly , his eyes never wavering from mine , he made his way to the stairs and started descending them one by one .
“ Goodnight , Korinne ! ” he called out from down the stairs .
“ Goodnight , Galen ! ”
I hollered after him .
I watched him get in his truck and drive away before I finally decided to unlock my door .
The place on my cheek tingled from where he had kissed me , and I instinctively reached up to touch it .
Deep down in my heart , I knew I secretly wished it was my lips he ’d kissed .
Chapter Six


Seeing Korinne brought back a horde of memories , both good and bad .
I could tell she wanted to keep her distance , but I already let her go once and I refused to do it again .
She is n’t the same as she was before .
It ’s like she ’s trapped somehow and needs to be let free .
Hopefully , with time she ’ll be the same Korinne I knew and loved eight years ago .
The day Brady told me about Korinne ’s marriage to Carson I let the anger consume me .
After all those years I thought I had moved on , but that day I heard the news it all came crashing down on me .
Korinne and I had only been apart for two years at that time , and I knew she had moved on , but I never imagined the level of anger and hurt I would feel at the thought of her spending the rest of her life with another man .
It made me sick to think of someone else holding her and touching her , even worse making love to her .
How could I get her to love me again ?
Ideas swam in my head , ways to break down the wall she had built up around her heart .
Being at work and looking at the blueprints spread out before me , I could n’t seem to find the time to concentrate .
Not when Korinne was on my mind .
The plan to find Korinne ’s spark ignited into existence when I remembered the fiasco I went through a couple of months ago when a decorator completely botched a project .
I knew exactly where to start with my plan and who was going to help me .
“ Rebecca ! ”
I called out .
Jumping as if I ’d scared her , she placed her hand over her chest .
“ You startled me ! ” she gasped and took in a deep breath .
“ Is there anything I can do for you , Mr . Matthews ? ” “ As a matter of fact , there is , ” I said , smiling .
“ I have an idea and I ’ m going to need your help .
It ’ll be the perfect plan in getting Korinne here if she cooperates .
Are you in ? ”
Her face lit up .
“ Of course I ’ m in . Tell me what I need to do . ”
I leaned over the desk and explained the situation to Rebecca .
Her smile grew wider the more I told her , and when I was done she happily complied to follow through with my demands .
“ You must really fancy this girl to go through all this trouble , ” she mentioned .
“ I wish my Edward would show this kind of effort , but you know how we old people are .
I ’ll head over there now and get to work . ” “ Thank you , Becky .
I really appreciate it . ”
Rolling her eyes , she waved me off .
“ Go call your lady so we can get this ball rolling . ”
Excited and confident , I headed back into my office to make the call .
Taking in a deep breath , I slowly dialed Korinne ’s number .
This had to work , I said to myself .
“ Hello , ” she huffed , sounding out of breath .
“ Hey , ” I replied casually .
“ What are you doing ? ” “ I just got through taking a run .
What are you doing ?
I see you could n’t wait until Friday to speak to me , ” she bantered humorously .
“ No , I could n’t , ” I agreed .
She laughed as if she did n’t believe me , but it was the truth .
I had wanted to call her the moment I left her at her doorstep .
“ I know we do n’t have plans until Friday , but I wanted to know if we could do lunch today . ”
The line went quiet for a few seconds , but then she answered .
“ When and where ? ”
I breathed a sigh of relief .
“ How about you meet me in an hour at the Rose Café ? ” “ Let me take a quick shower and I ’ll be there .
I need to hurry if I ’ m going to make it on time . ”
She chuckled .
“ I ’ll see you there , ” she said quickly before hanging up .
First step accomplished !
“ Becky ! ”
I called out triumphantly .
She ran into the office and squealed , “ Did she accept ? ” “ Yes , she did !
I ’ m supposed to meet her in an hour .
Make sure everything is ready to go in two , and do n’t forget to call me with the emergency like we planned . ” “ Will do ! ”
She giggled .
“ I ’ m most definitely sure this awesome plan of yours is going to work , Mr . Matthews . ”
I truly hoped so , I thought to myself .


The Rose Café was a small sandwich shop on the other side of downtown a few blocks from my building .
There were so many around this area , but this one had always been my favorite .
Walking up to the door , I spied Korinne already sitting at a table , drinking a glass of sweet tea .
She seemed so calm and peaceful it was hard not to stare at her .
She looked like an angel , a sexy as hell angel .
Never before was I able to get enough of her , and I feared that I would n’t be able to now as well .
Korinne was never one to wear a lot of makeup , and I always loved that about her .
Her natural beauty outshined any woman that crossed my path .
Her tight jeans were molded to the curves of her body , and her top hugged a set of perfectly sized breasts .
Not too big and not too small , just … perfect .
My body responded to my wayward thoughts .
Once I headed inside I could n’t very well enter there with a hard on , so I tried desperately not to think the thoughts of Korinne ’s lush body and the way it melded to mine .
Spotting me by the door , she waved .
Her smile grew brighter the closer I got to her .
“ So what do I owe the pleasure of your company today ? ” she asked sweetly .
I sat in the seat across from her and smiled .
“ I could n’t wait until Friday , ” I responded honestly .
A blush spread across her face and I found it endearing .
Taking a quick glance at my watch , I calculated how much time we had before Rebecca ’s call would come in .
We have forty - five minutes to spare .
“ Are you on a schedule ? ” she asked , looking at my watch .
I shook my head .
“ No , I was just making sure I was n’t late . ”
She narrowed her eyes and quirked a brow .
“ Mm … hmm , ” she mumbled sarcastically .
Korinne and I ordered our food , and I was n’t shocked to see that she ordered a BLT with extra bacon .
That was always her favorite sandwich when we would eat together at our favorite sandwich shop in college .
By the time we were finished eating , my phone rang with the expected call from Rebecca .
It was show time .
“ Rebecca , what ’s up ? ”
Korinne stiffened .
At first I looked at her questioningly , but then it hit me .
I said a female ’s name , and she had no clue who Becky was .
Could it be that Korinne was a little jealous ?
This was a good start , or at least it showed she cared if I talked to other women .
As much as I wanted to bask in this development I needed to appear perturbed .
“ Yes !
I understand ! ”
I snapped into the phone .
“ I ’ll be right there . ”
Closing the phone , I ran my hands through my hair in mock frustration .
“ What ’s wrong ? ”
Korinne asked , concerned .
“ Who was that ? ” “ It was Rebecca , ” I said .
“ It seems I have a situation at one of my developments that needs my attention .
I hate to cut our luncheon short , but … you could always come with me ? ” “ Yeah , I guess I could , ” she replied .
“ Who ’s Rebecca by the way ? ” “ Why do you want to know ? ”
I asked with a hint of humor in my tone .
“ I do n’t know , maybe to see how many women you have chasing you around . ” “ Trust me , Korinne , you are the only woman in my life right now , ” I told her .
Her shoulders visibly relaxed and she let out her breath .
I pretended not to notice .
Once I paid for lunch , we hastily left the café .
On the way to my car I grabbed her hand in the process , pulling her along with me .
“ Do you need me to drive ? ” she asked .
I shook my head .
“ No , my car is just right around the corner .
You can ride with me . ”
When Korinne saw my car , I noticed the huge grin on her face .
She seemed fascinated with my choice of vehicle .
“ Now this is what I can picture you in .
Not that I do n’t like Big Blue , but this is definitely you , ” she beamed .
“ I searched everywhere for the perfect Ford Mustang .
I bought it brand new about a year ago , ” I informed her .
It was electric blue with white racing stripes , and nothing could beat the sound of its motor .
We climbed into the car and I drove us toward one of the developments of houses I was designing .
Rebecca should be there already getting things set up .
We pulled in the long , U - shaped driveway and headed through the giant double doors .
Rebecca was pacing inside , and when she saw us she ran straight to me .
“ Oh , thank goodness you ’re here now .
Look at this disaster ! ” she screamed , pointing around the house .
Korinne walked ahead and searched through the many rooms of the house .
I smirked at Rebecca behind Korinne ’s back and she stifled a laugh .
She had outdone herself with making the house look like shit .
Rebecca ’s going to need a huge raise after putting together this fiasco , I thought to myself .
When Korinne reached the main sitting room , she gave an audible gasp .
It echoed loudly throughout the house .
When I saw the mess before me it was hard not to break down and laugh .
Becky really had outdone herself .
The room was a complete mess with mismatched furniture and hideous looking fixtures .
It was a little unbelievable , but it seemed to be doing the job as I studied Korinne ’s expressions .
“ What the hell happened here ? ” she asked , sounding disgusted .
“ This is terrible !
Who ’s your decorator ? ”
I glanced around the room , appearing to be disgusted as well .
“ Someone who does n’t work for me anymore , that ’s who . ”
I turned to Rebecca .
“ We need to find someone to come in here and fix this as soon as possible .
We have a showing tomorrow and I ca n’t have it looking like this ! ”
I called out , sounding as angry as I could muster .
“ I tried !
I called everyone I could think of , and so far no one is available .
We might have to cancel the showing , ” she sputtered , sounding defeated .
I sat in one of the mismatched chairs and lowered my head in my hands , groaning in anger , or at least pretending to be .
Please take the bait , I said to myself .
Out of the corner of my eye I could see her hesitate for a few seconds , but she closed her eyes and took a deep breath .
I smiled inside because I knew I had triumphed .
When that look of concentration took over her face I could tell she was entering her zone .
I lowered my head quickly before Korinne saw me watching her .
She walked over and pulled my hands away from my face gently .
Tears began to build in her swirling gray eyes .
They did n’t appear to be tears of pain , but tears of … joy .
“ Galen , ” she whispered , looking deep into my eyes .
“ I do n’t know how well I ’ll do , but I think I can fix this .
I ’ll do it for you . ” “ I thought you were n’t ready , Korinne .
I do n’t want you feeling obligated to help me . ”
She shook her head .
“ I do n’t feel obligated , but I feel in my heart that I can do this .
Besides , you ’re going to owe me big time if I do it . ”
I raised my brow , intrigued .
“ What do you have in mind ? ”
She quirked her lips and smiled .
“ I ’ m sure you can think of something , and it better be good . ”
The old Korinne was slowly peeking out , and I was enjoying watching her resurface .
I could think of a million things I could do to her that would make it good , but it just so happens I knew what I was going to do to pay her back .
I nodded in agreement .
“ I have just the idea .
There ’s been a change of plans , this weekend is mine . ”
Her smile was contagious , and I found myself wishing it was Friday already .
When I accentuated the “ mine ” part of my statement , I meant that in every way possible .
The gleam in her eye was answer enough .
I could see and feel that her needs were just as great as mine .
So much for keeping it on the friend level .
Chapter Seven


I did n’t know how it happened , but to be able to find my inspiration had opened a new door for me .
I wanted it again , to feel the way I did when my ideas just flowed .
Transforming that monstrosity of a house into something beautiful and elegant was heaven for me .
It made me feel … alive .
It was Friday morning and everything seemed brighter … clearer .
I thought coming home would be a mistake , but it was turning out to be the best thing I could have done .
I would never forget Carson , but getting back to work helped me forget the pain for a while .
I felt free and happy for the first time in months .
Galen had something special planned for the evening and all I could think about was how nervous I was .
He owed me the date even though it was my weekend to pick the place .
He always chose fun and creative things to do , so I was n’t going to complain .
Our relationship was never boring .
In fact , that was what scared me .
The look in his eyes conveyed that he had more than just a simple date in mind .
When Galen wants something he gets it .
I meant it when I said we should keep things on a friend level , but I could see the need in him .
It burned in him the same way it burned in me .
I could n’t resist him in the past , and I did n’t think I was strong enough to resist him now .
The text startled me as I was finishing up the last touches of my makeup in the bathroom .
I looked down and smiled while reading the text from Galen .


Galen : Are you ready for tonight ?
Me : I think so … lol .
Galen : Good !
Wear something nice .
Me : Okay , where are we going ?
Galen : It ’s a surprise !
No questions .
Me : FINE !
Galen : Pack a bathing suit and a change of clothes , too .


What was he thinking ?
We were still in the winter season .
Unfortunately , with Galen there was no telling what he had in mind .
Once , in college , I dared him to jump into a frozen creek .
Needless to say , he pulled me in , too .
We both ended up sick for a week after that .
My phone dinged with another text from him .


Galen : Oh , yeah .
Be ready by six - thirty .
Me : Why do I need a bathing suit ?
Galen : No questions , remember ?
Me : OKAY !


Looking at the time , I had one more hour to spare .
Finding a bathing suit was n’t going to be easy since I did n’t know what box they were stored in . Rummaging through them , I finally found my collection of bathing suits .
I grabbed two of them , and packed several changes of clothes in my overnight bag .
I was sure Galen was going to tease me when he saw how huge my bag was .
After numerous changes from pants to skirts and then back again , I settled on a cream - colored sweater and brown dress slacks .
The outfit was dressy , just like Galen asked , but not over the top .
I made sure to show a little cleavage so I would n’t look like a prude .
My stomach was in knots and my mind was racing .
I went to the kitchen and poured a glass of wine .
I needed about twenty glasses to help calm my nerves , or better yet maybe a few shots of vodka .
By the time I heard the knock on the door , I had downed two glasses of wine .
My nerves were n’t so frazzled anymore , and I actually felt calm and relaxed .
Galen was leaning against the door frame when I opened the door , and his smoldering blue eyes raked up and down my entire body , lingering on my breasts , before meeting my eyes .
Just that gesture sent chills racking through my body , making me shiver .
He grinned .
“ You look amazing . ”
Moving forward , Galen kissed me lightly on the cheek before he entered my condo .
He whistled as he took in the disaster of my dwelling .
“ Do I need to find you a decorator ? ” he teased .
I rolled my eyes playfully .
“ No !
I just have n’t taken the time to unpack . ”
What Galen did n’t know was that I had a beautiful house but I was too afraid to go to it .
My goal was to get the courage to go back , but until then I ’d stay at the condo .
“ Are you ready ? ”
Galen asked .
Nodding , I grabbed my bag .
“ Yep , let ’s go . ”
He saw my bag and smiled .
“ Are you going on vacation ? ” he joked .
“ I should have known you would n’t pack light .
I guess some things never change . ”
I narrowed my eyes at him , trying to look intimidating but all he did was laugh and walk past me out the door .
“ It ’s not that much , ” I countered , hoping he would hear me .
Taking a deep breath , I picked up one of my bags and locked the door .
The whole time descending the steps the butterflies fluttered away in my stomach .
I was looking forward to the night .


“ We ’re here ! ”
Galen announced .
My eyes went wide at the sight before me .
He brought me to one of the most highly sought out museums in Charlotte .
I had always wanted to come here , but every time Carson would try to bring me he would get a page from the hospital and have to leave .
My throat tightened and I felt a slight twinge of guilt thinking about that .
It made me feel like a traitor to Carson .
He tried to take me to the museum so many times , and now I was there with another man .
I loved my husband and always would , but in all reality I had actually fallen in love with Galen first .
Was it bad that I never actually stopped loving him ?
“ I ca n’t believe you brought me here , ” I said in awe .
“ I ’ve always wanted to see this museum . ” “ I know , ” he admitted .
“ I remember you saying something about it years ago . ”
Gazing over at him , I smiled .
“ Thank you .
It means a lot to me . ”
We exited the car and he took my hand as we made our way to the door .
An elderly gentleman opened the door with a big smile .
“ Good evening , Mr . Matthews , ” he then looked to me and said , “ and to you , Miss Anders . ” “ Good evening to you , James .
Is everything to what we discussed ? ”
Galen asked the elderly man .
James grinned .
“ Everything is set up , sir .
Enjoy your evening . ” “ I do n’t see how I ’ m ever going to be able to top this date , ” I said softly to Galen .
“ I ’ m sure you can come up with something .
You were always creative , and I mean that in every aspect , ” he whispered gruffly in my ear .
Just those words made my body tingle in all the right places .
Once James walked away , Galen led me up the stairs to what looked like different sections of the museum .
Staring wide - eyed , I took in the glorious sights before me .
“ Are we alone here ? ”
I whispered while looking around at the unoccupied exhibits .
Galen smirked devilishly and explained , “ I rented it out for our date .
I wanted to make sure you enjoyed it . ” “ How in the world did you ever think to plan this ? ”
I asked .
He shrugged .
“ I have my connections , but like I said before , you mentioned you wanted to come here so I made sure to bring you .
Not to pry or anything , but did your husband not do things like this for you ? ”
I shook my head .
“ No , not this extravagant , but he had his ways of making things special . ” “ Does it bother you to talk about him ? ” “ A little , ” I confessed .
“ I guess it just feels weird talking about him with you . ” “ Well , just so you know , I do n’t mind if you do .
I do n’t want you to think that you ca n’t talk to me about him , okay ? ” “ Thank you for that .
It means a lot , ” I said softly .
Galen and I walked around the museum in silence .
Looking around , I could n’t begin to fathom how much it must have cost for Galen to do this for me .
Everywhere I turned sculptures and art took me away .
Chills ran down my body with each new piece I saw .
The entire museum was a work of art , a place of peace , and it was all mine for the time being .
Galen and I observed the museum for what felt like only minutes , but it ended up being a couple of hours .
“ I have another surprise , ” Galen murmured in my ear .
His breath against my ear made my skin prickle with chills .
Placing his hand on the small of my back , he led me to another room .
Soft lighting adorned the ceiling , and in the middle of the room was a small dinner table decorated with a red and black tablecloth with covered dishes on top .
Two glasses of white wine were already poured , and off to the side of the room were two waiters standing at attention .
“ Galen , this is amazing , ” I breathed in awe .
“ Thank you for this . ”
He guided me to the table and pulled out my seat .
“ You ’re welcome . ”
Galen took the seat across from me and motioned for one of the waiters .
The waiter came and removed the covers from the dishes .
Steam released in one huge cloud , and once the smoke cleared there sat an Oscar styled filet mignon , a shrimp cocktail , steamed vegetables , and a loaded baked potato .
The smell was pure heaven , and if I was n’t trying to be a lady I would have devoured the food in just a matter of seconds .
“ I thought secluding the museum was amazing , but this is absolutely wonderful . ”
He took a sip of wine .
“ Thank you .
I ’ m really glad you like it .
Do you remember all the galleries we went to for Jenna ’s openings ? ” “ Of course I remember . ” “ Do you want to know one of the main reasons why I brought you here ? ” he asked .
At my nod he continued , “ I loved the way your face would shine when you looked at the paintings .
So serene … like an angel .
I wanted to see that look on your face again .
I know you ’ve been saddened with grief the past few months , and I can still see it in your eyes .
I just want you to know that I ’ m here and I would do anything to make you happy . ”
I believed him …
I believed every word he spoke .
I was sure he could figure out a million ways to make me happy .
At that moment , I was thinking of a few that did n’t involve art .
His lingering gaze made my body hot to the core , causing me to squirm in my chair .
He stared at my lips when I took a sip of my wine , and he licked his own seductively before he took a bite of his food .
I remembered that tongue very well , and how warm it felt when he used it to tease my …
What the hell ? !
I was going to orgasm just thinking about his tongue on certain places of my body .
Being sexually frustrated was dangerous , especially with Galen in the mix .
Putting my hands to my forehead , I hid my eyes , hoping he could n’t see my blushing cheeks .
“ Oh my God , ” I hissed softly .
“ Are you okay over there ? ”
Galen laughed .
“ Is there something you want to say ? ”
I shook my head and took a bite of my food .
“ No , just memories is all . ” “ Ah , good ones I hope ? ” he added .
I shrugged , not giving him an exact answer .
The meal was the best dinner I ’d had in a long time .
Being by myself , I did n’t treat myself to such luxuries .
It seemed kind of pointless when all I ’d be doing was eating alone .
We finished our food slowly .
When the dishes were cleared , I was assuming a dessert would follow , but it did n’t come .
Galen stood and offered his hand instead .
“ We have another destination for that , Korinne . ”
Furrowing my brow , I looked up at him , confused .
“ What are you talking about ? ”
I asked , reaching for his hand .
Pulling me in tight against his chest , he brushed his lips against my ear .
“ Dessert , ” he whispered seductively .
“ Our dessert will be somewhere else , but just as delicious . ”
Just the close contact made me flush with desire , and I could n’t stop my lungs from desperately trying to take in air .
My core tingled , and if I did n’t get a release soon I was going to burst .
It had been way too long since I ’d felt desire for another man .
I was sure the idea of his dessert did n’t involve chocolate , but something of a more hard and sexual variety .
“ Let ’s go , ” I said softly , biting my lip .
We made it to the car , and by the time we got there I felt flushed and euphoric with the thoughts of what was to come .
Galen put the key in the ignition and we headed on our way .
I was assuming our next destination would be his house .
We passed by house after house , and I grew tense when I saw that we were heading toward the direction of the home I shared with Carson .
Had he lived near me this whole time and I did n’t know ?
Thankfully , he turned us down another lake view neighborhood .
After going through a maze of streets , I saw his house up ahead nestled on top of a hill .
I knew it was his because of Big Blue sitting in the driveway .
“ Wow ! ”
I exclaimed .
“ You have a beautiful home . ” “ Thank you .
I designed the whole layout and had it built , ” he answered , sounding proud .
One of the doors to the five car garage opened and Galen drove his Ford Mustang inside and parked .
My eyes grew wide when I saw all of the vehicles he had in his garage .
“ Do you think you have enough cars ? ”
I teased jokingly .
He furrowed his brows and looked at all the different cars .
In a serious tone he said , “ No , I think I could use one more . ”
He stood there for a few seconds while I stared at him with my mouth hanging open .
Surely he was n’t being serious about that , I thought .
Laughing at my wide - eyed expression , he reached for my bag .
“ I was kidding .
Come on , let me show you around . ”
I was amazed at the variety of cars he had .
He had a brand new Land Rover , a 1972 Chevrolet El Camino SS , a 1958 Chevrolet Corvette , and over in the corner I saw two motorcycles .
Cringing at the sight of them , I silently prayed that he was careful when he rode .
He opened the door , and once inside the house I was shocked at what I saw before me .
Two sets of winding stairs led to the upper levels of the house while the lower level was open and full of life .
What surprised me most was that it looked vaguely familiar .
Why did I recognize this place ?
“ Does it look familiar ? ”
Galen asked from behind me .
“ Yes , but I ca n’t place it , ” I said .
Looking around the room , I took everything in ; the patterns , the furniture , and the layout .
It all looked like something that I would ’ve designed .
Galen came up behind me and turned me around .
For the first time he looked unsure , nervous even , as he stared into my eyes .
“ It ’s because you designed it , ” he revealed sheepishly .
Shaking my head , I stared at him bewildered and confused .
“ How ?
I do n’t understand . ”
He took a deep breath before explaining .
“ It was about a year ago .
I knew you were married , and I did n’t want to come between you and your husband or cause problems , so I had someone hire you to decorate their house .
The design was actually for me .
I know it might seem kind of creepy that I did that , but I did n’t know what else to do .
Someone ’s home is a personal place and I did n’t want to put you in that situation . ”
He lowered his eyes and turned to put my bag on the nearby table .
I wondered what I would ’ve done if I knew it was Galen behind that project .
At that moment , I knew I would never know , but after his admission something was urging me forward , something that pulled me to him like a moth to a flame .
The feelings I had for this man were strong before , but nothing compared to the abundance of emotions I was feeling in that moment .
If I did n’t get them out I was going to explode .
He had done so much for me , believing in me with every fiber of his being , and had n’t asked for anything in return .
I knew what I was about to do would be life - changing .
With each determined step , I made my way over to the man that was beginning to steal my heart … again .
Fear and desire coincided within me , but I could n’t stop .
I knew I should n’t let him in , but I could n’t deny the way my heart was beating for this man .
It was as if all of my desires , all of the pent up emotions and feelings in my body had me desperate for this man ’s touch , Galen ’s touch .
The man I fell in love with years ago .
His eyes grew wider the closer I got , but I knew I was n’t going to back down .
I needed to feel him in every way possible , and I needed it then .
In one swift move I crushed my lips to his and wrapped my arms around his neck , holding him tight .
His arms engulfed me , protecting me in his embrace , but also unsure of what to do .
“ What are you doing ? ” he groaned , breaking away from the kiss .
“ I thought you wanted to take things slow . ”
A fire so hot burned behind those pale blue eyes of his , and I knew taking things slow was n’t going to happen .
“ I do n’t think I can , ” I breathed against his lips .
“ Please do n’t say that .
I do n’t think I can control myself if you let me in .
I ’ve wanted you from the moment I saw you , and it ’s already hard enough to keep my distance . ” “ I do n’t want you to keep your distance . ”
I sighed .
“ I need you , Galen , and I need you now . ”
Those words were all it took for the fire to consume him , to consume us both .
In one quick motion , Galen picked me up and I wrapped my legs around his waist .
I could feel him hard and ready against my core , and I ached to have that hardness inside of me .
Moaning into his mouth , I kissed him feverishly .
He carried me down a hall to where I assumed his bedroom was .
Once we entered , Galen rushed over to the bed and crushed me into the mattress with his weight .
He kissed along my neck , up to my cheek , and across my lips .
Exploring his mouth with my tongue , I devoured him , tasting him greedily .
Galen broke away from the kiss and lifted my sweater over my head , tossing it to the floor .
My bra was gone in the next instant , and was immediately replaced with his soft , warm lips , trailing across my breasts until he found a peaked nipple .
He sucked firmly , kneading them hungrily , while I arched my back wanting him to take more .
My core tightened and grew wet with need .
He separated my legs with one of his knees and thrust his hips between them , rubbing against my inner spot .
It had been so long since I tasted the pleasure of desire , and I knew I ’d probably orgasm just by the movement alone .
It was building and I wanted him to take me , to make love to me like he did all those years ago .
“ Galen , ” I whispered .
My voice was raspy with a want so great I could barely focus .
Lifting his head , he licked his lips enticingly while he stared at my mouth .
“ Are you okay ?
Do you need me to stop ? ”
Shaking my head , I moaned , “ No , it feels too good for you to stop . ”
He smirked seductively before taking my bottom lip between his teeth , sucking and pulling , driving me over the edge .
His hands left my breasts and travelled down to the waist of my pants .
Unbuttoning them easily with those lithe fingers of his , he then slid a hand down in between my legs .
Rubbing my nub gently , Galen slowly entered me with his long , warm fingers .
A gratifying moan left my lips and I arched my back , moving my hips along with his strokes .
I could feel the orgasm building and there was no way I was going to be able to stop it from coming .
“ Galen ! ”
I cried out .
“ Oh , my God , Galen ! ”
I closed my eyes as the force from the orgasm had me exploding from the inside out .
Galen ’s hooded gaze swept up and down my body while I rode the final waves of orgasm .
“ You are so hot , ” he admitted heatedly once I came down from my high .
I moaned , wanting more of him , more of his touch , and he eagerly complied .
He began to pull my pants down slowly over my hips and past my thighs until he finally got them removed , along with my underwear .
He kissed his way up my leg to my stomach , and then across my breasts until he reached my lips .
“ Are you on birth control ? ” he asked with a hint of nervousness .
I shook my head and looked away .
There had been no reason for me to be on it since I had n’t been with anyone in a long time , but there was also another reason .
“ No , I ’ m not . ”
I sighed , and he turned my face to look at him .
“ Talk to me , Korinne .
Why do you have that look on your face ? ”
I took a deep breath before revealing my terrible secret .
The tears threatened to spill , but I kept them at bay .
“ I ’ m not on birth control because I ca n’t have kids , or at least it ’s really difficult for me to .
Let ’s just say I have ovarian issues .
Carson and I tried , but it turns out we could n’t . ”
The tears began to fall and I felt ashamed with having to admit I was defective .
If Galen wanted kids he sure was n’t going to get them from me .
“ Korinne , ” he whispered gently .
“ Everything will be okay .
You ’re perfectly fine the way you are . ”
I nodded , but the tears kept falling .
The mood had cooled and what started out as an amazing and heat filled night turned into something depressing .
Galen moved from in between my legs to lay down beside me .
Propping himself up on his elbow , he wrapped a well - muscled arm across my bare stomach .
He did n’t seem angry at all about our abrupt stop , and I could n’t have been more thankful .
When I got the nerve to look at him again he smiled gently , his eyes showing nothing except concern and understanding .
“ Did you really want kids ? ” he asked apologetically .
I nodded .
“ I did and I still do .
The misery I felt when I found out we could n’t have children was devastating .
There ’s always that one percent possibility that I could still have one on my own , but the chances of that are very slim .
We were going to adopt , but Carson passed away before we ever signed the papers . ”
Looking away for a second , I hesitated before asking him the same question .
“ Have you ever thought about having children ? ”
He looked me in the eye and smiled .
“ I ’ve thought about it sometimes .
You know , there are a lot of children that need to be adopted .
I think it was a good idea that you were going to do it . ”
Releasing the breath I ’d been unconsciously holding , I sighed with relief .
I did n’t want to deprive him of having children of his own , because if he stayed with me he would n’t have them .
Galen would make a great father .
He was a completely selfless , caring , fun - spirited , and had the most loving heart of anyone I knew .
However , what really sparked my interest was that he was single and not married .
Any woman in her right mind would have jumped at the chance to be with him .
“ Why are n’t you married ?
I ’ m a little shocked that you ’re still single , ” I asked skeptically .
I knew he was dating someone before , but I did n’t know what happened to her or how long they had been separated .
He turned his head away and looked at the ceiling .
Judging by his reaction , I guessed things with his last girlfriend did n’t turn out too well .
“ You do n’t have to answer , ” I said quickly .
“ I did n’t mean to pry , I was just curious .
You ’re an amazing guy and I ca n’t believe that you would even be single . ”
Galen shook his head and laughed in disbelief .
“ No , it ’s perfectly fine you asked me .
Brady would tell you that I ’ m still single because of all the hours I work , but I do n’t mind telling you , ” he offered .
“ Do you remember Amanda ?
She ’s the woman who was with me at Brady and Jenna ’s wedding . ”
Remembering very well the woman he spoke of , I rolled my eyes and nodded .
She was a complete bitch around me , and it took all I had not to say something to her .
“ How could I forget , ” I quipped sarcastically .
“ I do have a question though .
Was she always a rude ass bitch , or was that just me she was acting that way to ?
I swear I could sense some rivalry there , but I chose to ignore it for the sake of Carson . ” “ Oh , her bitchiness was just at you . ”
He laughed deeply .
“ She knew who you were and she knew of our past .
Amanda actually accused me of still having feelings for you that night .
She said she saw the way I was looking at you , and that I never looked at her the same way .
Well anyway , we dated for a while and she kept pressuring me about marriage , which was the last thing on my mind .
I did n’t love her , not in the way I love … ”
He stopped abruptly and our eyes widened at the same time .
Was he about to say he did n’t love her like he loves me ?
Waiting on him to finish his sentence , I was disappointed when all he did was run his fingers through his hair and laugh , completely trying to divert the attention from what he was going to say .
He spoke again quickly , “ Anyway , when I failed to profess my undying love for her , she cheated on me with one of my friends . ”
I gasped .
“ Oh wow !
I know that could n’t have been easy to swallow .
I ’ m so sorry you had to go through that . ”
He shrugged .
“ It was n’t nearly as hard as what you went through with your husband . ”
I turned my head away in shame .
How could I talk about my husband when I was lying half - naked in bed with another man ?
The tears began to form , and before I could hide my face Galen leaned over me .
“ Do n’t cry , Korinne .
I ’ m sorry I brought it up .
It ’s just I know you went through so much and I want you to be able to talk about it with me . ” “ It ’s not that I do n’t want to talk to you about it , ” I whispered .
“ Then what is it ? ” he murmured , taking my chin and guiding me to look at him .
Letting him turn my tear - streaked face to him , I gave in and openly admitted my guilt .
“ In a way I feel like I ’ m cheating on Carson by doing this , but I also know that he ’s gone and that I should move on .
I ca n’t deny my feelings for you , but I do n’t know how I ’ m supposed to feel .
You and I have a history together , and that was way before Carson ever came along , but I ca n’t stop feeling that twinge of guilt when even the smallest amount of happiness comes my way , ” I cried .
Galen placed both hands on my face and kissed me gently on the lips .
When I opened my eyes , Galen ’s clear blue gaze stared at me with pure love .
He replied warmly , “ Carson would want you to be happy , Korinne .
You ’re only twenty - eight years old .
Do n’t tell me you were expecting to be alone for the rest of your life ? ”
Shaking my head , I replied , “ No , I do n’t want to be alone , but I ’ m too afraid of losing someone else I love . ” “ Oh , Korinne , you do n’t have to be afraid .
I ’ m not going anywhere . ” “ You do n’t know that , ” I snapped .
“ Oh yes I do ! ” he commanded forcefully .
“ I promise I ’ll always be here for you .
You have my word . ” “ How can you promise that ?
We ’re not promised tomorrow , ” I said softly .
“ I know we ’re not promised tomorrow , but that ’s just a risk you have to be willing to take .
You ca n’t live your life in fear , because if you do you ’ll miss out on everything . ”
We stared at each other for a while until Galen smiled and jumped off the bed .
“ I have an idea to lighten the mood , ” he said excitedly .
At my questioning look he left the room and came back with my bag .
“ Get your bathing suit .
We ’re going for a swim . ” “ But it ’s freezing outside ! ”
I shrieked .
He undid his pants and let them fall to the floor .
Before he slid a pair of swimming trunks on , I got a good , long glance at his glorious body .
Never have I forgotten that body or how it felt to be taken by him .
Galen was a hard man to forget .
Shaking my head to clear the thoughts , I looked up to notice Galen smirking at me .
By the expression on his face I was sure he knew what I was thinking .
He leaned over the bed and gave me a quick , playful kiss .
“ The pool is heated , babe .
I thought I would let you know there would n’t be any shrinkage going on . ”
My face bloomed bright crimson as he headed out of the bedroom and stalked down the hall .
“ Get dressed and meet me out there ! ” he yelled .
Sitting in silence , I tried to gather my thoughts and take some deep breaths .
You can do this , Korinne , I assured myself .
I ’d lost one love of my life , surely it would n’t happen again so soon .
I could only pray it did n’t , because no matter how hard I tried I did n’t think I could stop myself from falling hard for the alluring Galen Matthews … again .
Chapter Eight


The weekend turned out to be a milestone for mine and Korinne ’s relationship .
Talking to her brought back all of the fond memories we shared together .
I wanted to make love to her more than anything , but she was n’t completely ready yet .
Maybe once she saw I was n’t going anywhere I could get her to open up to me .
Staring at my phone , I decided to send her a text .


Me : Hey .
Kori : Hello .
Me : How are you ?
Kori : Fine , you ?
Me : Working .
Kori : Sounds like fun .
: ) Me : Can we talk tonight ?
Kori : Of course .
Me : Great !
I ’ll call you after work .
Kori : Sounds good !


There was nothing I could do about Korinne missing her husband except be there for her and let her know I understood .
I knew what it was like to lose someone you loved , but my loss was my father .
There was a difference , but it was still a loss that hurt nonetheless .
I had an idea in my head of something I could do for Korinne to show her that I understood and cared .
Searching through my phone , I found the number to the man I needed to speak to .
“ Hello , Richard here . ”
His voice came over the line .
“ Richard , its Galen .
How are you ? ”
I greeted warmly .
“ Galen !
My boy , it ’s been a long time .
How ’s the family ? ” he inquired excitedly .
Richard was a really good friend of my father ’s , and was also on the board of trustees at the hospital .
The same hospital Korinne ’s husband worked at .
“ The family is doing great .
Hey , listen , I would like to make a donation to the hospital . ” “ Really ? ” he replied .
“ That would be mighty generous of you .
How much would you want to donate ? ” “ Does two million sound good ? ”
I asked .
The line went silent and I was starting to think the connection was lost until I heard Richard fumble with the phone .
Thankfully , I did n’t give him a heart attack .
He cleared his throat and stuttered , “ Did I hear that right ?
You want to donate two million dollars ? ”
I laughed .
“ Yes , that ’s right .
If you do n’t mind , I ’ll have my accountant get in touch with you tomorrow . ” “ No , that ’s perfect , but I have to say that I ’ m speechless , Galen .
Thank you so much .
Is there a reason why you ’re doing this , or for whom might I ask ? ” “ Actually there is , ” I confessed .
“ I want it in Carson Anders ’ memory .
I heard about his accident and I wanted him to be recognized for his commitment to the hospital . ”
Richard sighed .
“ Ah , yes , Dr . Carson .
He was one of our best .
His accident was such a tragedy .
It has n’t been the same around here with him gone .
I know his wife took it really hard when it happened . ” “ I ’ m sure she did , ” I said .
“ I know everyone will appreciate this , son .
If there ’s anything I can do for you , just let me know , ” Richard suggested .
“ Will do , Richard .
Tell your wife I said hello . ” “ I sure will .
She ’ll be glad to know you called , and she also knows what this weekend is , too .
Sarah mentioned it the other day . ”
I chuckled .
“ I knew she would n’t forget . ” “ She never does . ” “ Take care , and I ’ll speak to you again soon , ” I said before hanging up .
Sarah was Richard ’s wife and a wonderful woman .
Every year she would make my favorite cake for my birthday … red velvet .
This coming weekend happened to be my birthday , and I was going to be thirty - one years old .
Sometimes I felt older .
A knock came at the door and Rebecca poked her head in .
“ We had another client call and put in a request for Mrs . Anders .
Have you asked her yet if she ’d come work for us ? ” she asked me curiously .
Shaking my head , I replied , “ No , not yet .
I do n’t want to push her or make her feel pressured .
I sort of tried once before and failed . ” “ I understand that .
Maybe you tried too soon . ”
She sighed .
“ Does she not realize how amazing she is ?
We have clients every day wanting her to decorate their homes .
She would be an amazing asset to the company . ” “ She would be worth more than just a mere asset , a whole lot more .
I ’ll talk to her this weekend about it . ”
Rebecca smiled while chewing on her pen .
“ Something tells me she ’ll accept .
She may be hurting , but I think she is stronger than you think . ”
Rebecca gathered the blueprints of our future projects and left my office .
Soon , I was going to offer Korinne the one wish she ’d wanted since she started her career .
I just hoped she would accept it .


The phone rang before I even got out of my car .
When I saw who the caller was , I could n’t stop the smile that took over my face .
“ I thought I was going to call you , ” I said into the phone .
Korinne laughed .
“ You did , but I had to ask you something .
Or better yet , I had to tell you something because I ’ m not going to take no for an answer . ” “ Ah , I like this side of you .
Tell away then , ” I teased , curious to know what she was up to .
Korinne shrieked excitedly , “ We have plans this weekend just me and you ! ”
Her excitement had me smiling from ear to ear .
“ Do we now ?
What plans might that be ? ” “ I ’ m surprising you this time !
Pack a bag , because we ’re going out of town for the weekend .
I ’ll pick you up tomorrow after you get off of work . ” “ I ’ll be waiting , ” I murmured .
“ Great !
I ’ll see you tomorrow , ” she said excitedly before hanging up the phone .
Now that was the Korinne I knew peeking out of her shell .
She sounded like the happy and care - free girl from the past , but somehow I could n’t help but be wary .
Was she really happy or was it a front ?
Maybe things would turn around for us after the weekend .
Spending more time together alone would surely help .
Getting away with her was going to be something we both needed , and now all I had to do was wait for that time to come .
Of course , the time was n’t going to move fast enough for me .
Chapter Nine


By four in the afternoon my bags were packed and loaded in the car , and I was just waiting for the text from Galen saying he was ready to go .
I ’d been waiting on him to mention it was his birthday this weekend , but he had n’t yet .
Taking him away was my gift to him , along with something a little more intimate I planned on giving him .
Galen was my first real love .
He made me feel special and understood , and never once had pressured me or belittled me in any way .
He was always supportive and full of life .
There was never a dull moment when he was around .
When my phone rang a few seconds later , excitement bubbled in my chest , but when I reached for my phone I saw that it was my mother .
She was probably going to scold me because I had n’t called her in a while .
“ Hi Mom ! ”
I answered cheerfully , hoping it would smooth the situation .
“ Why have n’t you called me ? ” my mother chided me .
I silently groaned , knowing she would sound like that .
She had always been adamant about me calling every single day to check in with her .
“ I ’ m so sorry , Mom , but I ’ve been a little … busy lately . ” “ Uh - huh , how so ? ”
Her tone sounded annoyed and disbelieving .
Excitedly , I said , “ Well , for starters I actually decorated a house the other day . ”
My mother gasped .
“ Oh , Korinne !
That ’s wonderful news .
I ’ m so proud of you ! ”
Hearing her encouraging words , I smiled .
I knew she was worried about me , and at least hopefully that news would stop her nagging .
“ So does this mean you ’ll be working again ? ” she asked , sounding hopeful .
“ I think so …
I really think so . ”
My mom squealed and yelled the good news to my dad , who was probably shaking his head , with his hands over his ears the whole time .
“ That ’s not all , Mom ! ”
I chuckled .
“ What ? !
What else could you tell me that ’ll make me happier ? ”
I took a deep breath before telling her the other good news .
“ I ’ m seeing someone , ” I choked out quickly .
I held the phone away from my ear when she cackled again , only louder that time .
“ Who is he and when can we meet him ? ” she pleaded .
“ His name is Galen , and I do n’t know if I ’ m ready for that step yet . ” “ Galen ? ” my mother repeated .
“ Hmm … why do I recognize that name ? ”
I laughed .
“ It ’s because I ’d dated him before … in college .
You probably remember me saying his name . ” “ I think you might be right .
I ’ m starting to think fate has taken a turn here , ” she said emphasizing the ‘ fate ’ part .
“ Was n’t he the one you were so heartbroken over when you transferred colleges ? ” “ Yes , that ’s him , ” I answered softly .
“ Well it looks like you two get a second chance .
Maybe it was meant for you two to find each other again .
I ’ m so glad you told me , sweetheart .
I ’ll be able to rest better at night knowing that you ’re happy .
I was really worried about you . ” “ I know , but things are getting better , ” I admitted whole - heartedly .
My phone buzzed in my ear , and when I looked at the screen I saw it was a text from Galen .
My heart fluttered at the sight of his name , and I could n’t stop the wide grin from spreading across my face even if I wanted to .
“ Mom , I ’ve got to go .
Galen ’s calling , ” I said happily .
“ Well , go then .
I love you and stay safe , sweetheart . ” “ I love you too , Mom . ”
Hanging up the call , I fumbled with the keys to get to my text from Galen .


Galen : Home early .
I ’ll be ready in 15 .
Me : Great !
I ’ll be on my way .
Galen : Ca n’t wait .
Me : : )


Stopping the excitement from bubbling over was impossible .
On the way to his house I could n’t stop smiling ; my cheeks were going to be aching by the time I saw him .
He brought his bags outside when I pulled up in the driveway .
Hitting the button for the trunk to open , I waited in the car while Galen loaded in his bags .
He slid into the front seat and it was n’t long before his intoxicating scent filled up the car .
It was to the point that if I had my way I would ’ve climbed on top of him then and there .
I was sure his neighbors would have gotten a kick out of that .
Galen smiled and leaned over to kiss me , just a simple brush of his lips .
“ I ’ve missed you this week , ” he said , grinning .
“ It ’s only been a few days .
You ’re too busy to miss me , ” I joked .
“ Hmm … if that ’s what you want to believe .
So , where are we going ? ” he asked .
“ I ’ m not going to tell you , ” I teased in a sing - song voice .
“ You ’ll have fun though , I promise . ” “ Oh , I know I will , ” he said huskily .
I glanced at him from the corner of my eye and I could see him biting his lip when he stared at me .
Why did he have to be so enticing ?
Being sexually frustrated was not easy when you had a two hour drive ahead of you .
Especially if you ’re stuck in the car with a man who could pass for a Greek god , who was staring at you like he wanted to devour you .
“ How long will it take to get there ? ” he asked .
“ It ’ll take two hours .
Why ? ”
I replied skeptically .
He smirked , letting that dimple on his left cheek tease me .
“ No reason really , other than knowing how long I have to torture you . ”
Visibly tensing , I gripped the steering wheel with all my might .
My heart was in overdrive and my nerves were fluttering like crazy .
Looking at his expression , I could tell his idea of torture was not simple road games .
“ What do you mean by torture me exactly ? ” “ You ’ll see , ” he said while pointing at the road .
“ You just concentrate on the road and we ’ll be fine . ”
Squirming in my seat , I tried hard to focus on the road .
I ’ m in a shit ton of trouble , I thought .
We had one hour left until we were going to reach our destination , and I had the strangest feeling that the torturing was about to begin .
Once the sky got darker , I knew Galen was going to pounce .
When he unclasped his seatbelt I knew I had been right .
He moved over slowly and lightly pressed his warm , soft lips to the base of my neck , trailing them down to my collarbone .
Placing his hand on my thigh , he began the slow , torturous path up to the part of me that demanded his touch .
The heat from his hands seeped into my body , making me hot from the inside out .
“ What are you doing ? ”
I asked , releasing a shaky breath .
He replied huskily , “ Torturing you . ”
I groaned as he lifted my shirt and gently bit a nipple through my bra .
Growing wet at his touch , I sighed with a need so great it felt as if I ’d explode .
Galen pulled my bra up over my breast and latched onto my nipple , sucking greedily .
His hand delved deep inside my underwear to my core and explored every inch of me .
That brand of torture was something I knew I was going to love .
Galen pushed his fingers inside , entering me fully as far as he could go , and moved at a rapid pace while still suckling my breast .
The tingling of the orgasm grew and grew until soon I knew I could n’t hold it off any longer .
Breathing heavily , I tried desperately to concentrate on the road , but Galen ’s warm strokes were driving me to the brink of elation .
“ You ’re getting tighter , Korinne .
Let it go , baby , ” Galen demanded .
His warm breath against my exposed breasts had me moaning as the orgasm took me to a whole new level .
He continued to stroke and penetrated me deeply until the ripples of the climax slowly ebbed off .
I was left relaxed , out of breath , and fully satiated … or at least for that time being .
I sighed heavily .
“ You better be glad I did n’t wreck . ”
Galen just laughed .
“ I would n’t have let that happen , and besides , you were in complete control . ”
Looking at his triumphant smile , I could n’t get over how sexy he looked right then .
I also could n’t get over the bulge in his pants , straining to be released .
“ Undo your pants , ” I said firmly .
His devilish grin grew wider when he realized I was being serious .
“ Am I sensing payback ? ” he teased .
“ You know it . ”
The gleam in his eye grew brighter as he slowly unbuttoned his pants , releasing his thick , hard shaft .
My eyes went wide at the sight of him .
Now that he was fully erect and ready , he was larger than I remembered .
If I was n’t driving I ’d be exploring him with my tongue , but given the circumstances I could only use what I had .
Wrapping my hand firmly around his shaft , I began massaging him up and down .
Slowly at first , so I could watch him squirm , but then I picked up the pace , loving the way his eyes rolled back in his head , enjoying my brand of torture .
He sighed and let his head fall back against the head rest .
Moving his hips with my strokes , I could feel his cock getting harder and pulsating beneath my fingers , letting me know that he was n’t far from losing control .
“ It ’s been so long .
Please … go faster , ” he pleaded .
I moved my hands faster and his groans grew deeper .
“ Oh , fuck Korinne !
This feels … so … damn … good , ” Galen ground out through gritted teeth .
When the pulsing got stronger I could tell he was about to come .
I stroked him harder and faster , until after a few more strokes he finally let go .
Galen jerked with blissful spasms a couple of times before relaxing slowly in the seat and releasing a sigh of relief .
Opening the center console , I handed him a box of tissues I left stored there .
He took them with a smile and cleaned himself off .
Galen gazed at me with hooded eyes and they also showed me the promise of things to come .
“ That felt good , but I would have given anything to be inside you , ” he claimed .
“ Oh , that was just the foreplay , ” I teased .
He smiled .
“ Well , then I ca n’t wait to see what the finale is going to be like . ”
I winked at him , but I did n’t elaborate on what I had planned for the night .
The winding roads of the North Carolina Mountains were kind of scary at night , but thankfully we did n’t have too much farther to go before we reached the cabin I was taking him to .
After travelling down several gravel and deserted looking roads , we reached our destination .
The lovely three bedroom cabin sat atop a hill , which would have the best view once the sun rose in the morning .
I looked online for the perfect place , and once I saw that cabin I knew I had to get it .
“ What do you think ? ”
I asked , turning to Galen .
His soft eyes peered at me with love and adoration .
“ I think it ’s amazing , Korinne .
Thank you for bringing me here . ” “ You ’re welcome . ”
I grinned before opening my door .
Grabbing our bags , we made our way to the cabin .
I punched in the code on the electronic keypad and opened the door to our haven for the weekend .
Log cabins nestled in the woods were so peaceful and earthly .
It was the perfect place to escape from everyday life .
One of these days I would have my own cabin and live in the Blue Ridge Mountains .
“ Shall we pick a room ? ”
Galen asked .
I pointed towards the hallway .
“ I believe the master bedroom is down there . ”
He grabbed our bags , but then grinned at me before disappearing down the hall .
Galen called out , “ I do n’t know about you , but I plan on us using them all this weekend ! ”
I laughed , but I heard the seriousness in his voice .
I ’ m not going to complain about that , I thought .
“ There ’s a hot tub you know ! ”
I hollered back .
A few minutes later he walked down the hall , completely naked .
“ And that ’s where I ’ m going , ” he said .
Standing there wide - eyed and frozen , I watched him as he opened the back door and walked outside .
I heard him sigh once he dipped down into the hot , steamy water .
“ Are you coming ?
I ’ m kind of lonely out here ! ” he called to get me motivated .
Taking a deep breath , I took my clothes off one piece at a time .
Galen did n’t think to grab towels , so I took two of them from the closest bathroom before heading outside and wrapping one around my body .
There , watching me , was Galen as steam billowed around the hot tub .
Smiling invitingly , he motioned me over .
I placed his towel on a nearby chair before slowly unwrapping the one around my body , teasing him by doing it slowly .
Mesmerized , Galen stared at me the entire time , the hunger evident in his gaze .
“ You ’re so beautiful , ” he admitted whole - heartedly .
“ Thank you , ” I replied , stepping into the blazing hot water .
Settling into the seat across from Galen , I could tell he wanted to ask me something .
“ What ’s on your mind ? ” “ What made you want to come here ? ” he asked .
“ I thought we needed to get away , to have a chance to catch up with no distractions , ” I said , shrugging my shoulders .
“ That ’s it ? ” he countered back .
“ No other reason ? ”
Shaking my head , I laughed .
I knew what he was getting at , but I was n’t going to spoil the surprise .
“ Nope , no other reason , ” I said flippantly .
He looked a little disappointed and I hated doing that to him , but I wanted to surprise him .
Cheering him up would n’t be a problem though .
I casually moved my way around the hot tub , watching Galen the entire time .
When I reached him , I hooked my arms around his shoulders and straddled his waist .
His eyes burned with need and I knew mine conveyed the same feeling .
“ I told you the car was foreplay .
Now it ’s time for the real fun , ” I said heatedly .
Before I could say anything else , Galen took my lips with his and intertwined his soft , wet tongue with mine .
His grip on my body was hard and possessive , holding me tight against his warm skin .
His cock was growing harder underneath me , and I moaned into his mouth in response .
I moved my hips against his cock to give him a taste ; a taste of what it would feel like with me riding him .
Galen groaned with need and bit my lower lip .
His strong grip on my ass held me firmly in place while he moved me harder against his groin .
“ Please stop teasing me , ” he begged .
“ I believe you are the one taunting me at the moment , but I do love to tease .
Consider it payback for torturing me in the car , ” I pointed out .
Staring into his feverish blue eyes , I knew that if I did n’t take him then he would surely be taking me .
I lifted my hips and allowed the tip of his cock to graze my opening .
By the grip he had on me I knew it was killing him not being able to pull me down on top of him .
I moved across him gently , only allowing the tip inside , knowing that was his sensitive spot .
Groaning , he took a nipple into his mouth and sucked it firmly .
Galen always knew how to get me motivated .
He just ruined any level of patience I might have had by exploring my breasts with his sensual tongue .
The tingling of my desire and need for him would n’t let me wait another moment , so I lowered myself onto his hard , rigid cock .
The sensation of being stretched and filled to the brim brought out the desire and longing I had for this man .
I had wanted , needed , and now I had him in my grasp .
Galen ’s hands on my ass spurred me on more as he guided me , faster and faster , moving over his straining groin .
The hot water felt like a blanket against my sensitive skin ; I let it comfort me and keep me warm as I rode the waves of desire .
I was so close to losing control …
“ Can I come inside you ? ” he said gruffly in my ear .
Pulling back I looked into his hungry blue eyes .
The heat and lust was palpable , which only made my body yearn for more of his touch and love .
“ Yes , ” I groaned breathlessly .
Giving him that one answer unleashed the fire in his veins .
He gripped me tighter on the hips , moving me faster and faster up and down , over and over .
The sensation of orgasm had me literally about to explode with need and I could n’t stop from clenching harder over his erection as the orgasm built .
Moving frantically together , in sync and in desperate hunger for each other , the orgasm finally exploded in my core when I felt the heat of Galen ’s release inside me .
Once the bliss of the aftereffects subsided , we held each other tight , letting the hot water relax us as we came down from a wave of pure rapture .
The intimacy of this act had left me speechless and full of hope .
Maybe I would be able to do this , maybe I was beginning to love again .
Chapter Ten


When my eyes finally opened , I looked over at the clock and it read ten - thirty in the morning .
I had n’t slept this late in years , but it felt good to know that I would n’t be heading into work .
Looking up at the wood beamed ceiling I smiled as the memories of last night came flooding back .
After our night in the hot tub , we came straight inside and passed out on the bed , or at least she did .
I watched her for most of the night , holding her while she slept .
It brought back a time when I held her and watched her cry herself to sleep eight years ago , but this time she would n’t be leaving me like she did then .
I planned on having her in my arms for the rest of my life … if she ’d have me .
Only when I knew she was ready would I ask her .
Actually , it dawned on me that Korinne was nowhere to be found .
The smell of bacon and eggs permeated the air with its fine aroma , and my stomach growled in protest .
Throwing on a pair of boxers I followed the smell to the kitchen .
Korinne had her back to me , deeply engaged with whatever she was doing , so I decided to sneak up behind her …
“ Gotcha ! ” “ Ahhh ! ” she screamed , and in the process of that scream she smacked me in the face with a spatula full of soft and fluffy cream cheese icing .
“ Holy shit , Galen …
I ’ m so sorry ! ”
Korinne shrieked .
I stood there frozen , frosting running down my face , while her bewildered expression turned slowly into amusement .
She burst out laughing and doubled over , holding her stomach .
I wonder if she ’d find it funny if I doused her with icing , I thought .
Korinne ’s eyes went wide when she saw me taking slow , predatory steps toward her with a glint in my eye .
She shook her head and frantically began moving away from me .
“ Do n’t you dare ! ” she commanded forcefully , holding the sticky spatula out like a weapon .
“ Or what ? ”
I countered back , taunting her .
She wasted no time in taking off , circling around the table while I chased after her .
Not moving fast enough , I grabbed her around the waist , tackling her to the floor .
“ You ca n’t escape me , Korinne . ”
Rubbing my icing - covered face all over hers , I laughed .
She squealed and tried desperately to fight me off , but it was no use .
Breathing hard , and looking sexy as hell , I could n’t stop staring at her .
“ I think it might be a good thing I ca n’t escape .
I love being in your clutches , ” Korinne admitted .
Peering down at her luscious lips , I noticed they were covered in frosting .
I leaned down as if I was going to kiss her , but instead I licked the icing off .
She giggled the whole time , but then pushed me off .
“ Happy Birthday ! ” she yelled while I took her hand and helped her up off the floor .
She glided to the kitchen and revealed the masterpiece that called for the delicious frosting .
I could n’t believe I did n’t notice it when I came into the kitchen .
“ You thought I ’d forgotten , did n’t you ? ” she asked while holding up the cake .
I shrugged nonchalantly , not wanting her to know that it meant a lot to me that she remembered .
“ I was n’t too worried about it , ” I said , playing it off .
She looked at me skeptically .
“ Yeah , somehow I do n’t believe that .
I think I remember you looking forward to those red velvet cakes you got every year .
You were like a little boy at Christmas when it came to your birthday . ” “ Fine , you caught me , ” I huffed playfully .
“ So since I ’ m the birthday boy does that mean you have to do everything I say ? ”
Narrowing her eyes , she chewed on her bottom lip .
“ That depends .
What do you have in mind ? ”
She took a swipe of frosting from the bowl and slowly licked it from her finger .
My groin instantly hardened at the sight , and I watched as her eyes trailed from my face all the way down to my hard cock .
“ How about we have sex all day ? ”
I requested while raising my eyebrows .
She laughed and threw a soapy dishrag at me , but I ducked and it flew right past me .
“ As much as that sounds like fun , I do n’t think that ’s going to work . ” “ And why is that ? ”
I demanded gruffly .
“ Because I have plans to cook you dinner and I ca n’t do that if we ’re in bed , ” she said , rolling her eyes .
“ Who says we have to be in a bed ? ”
I pushed on the table to test its weight .
“ Yep , I think the table will hold us , ” I said , grinning in amusement .
She looked like she was contemplating it , but then her eyes went wide and she gasped excitedly .
“ It ’s snowing ! ”
I turned around quickly to see what she was looking at .
Huge , white snowflakes were falling down rapidly and blanketing every surface as far as the eye could see .
Korinne ran to the window and stared in awe at the winter wonderland .
“ You know , it sucks that we do n’t get snow like this at home .
I mean , what we usually get is maybe one inch of snow a year … if that , ” she said , looking back at me .
“ Do you remember when we had that big snow two years ago ? ”
I asked her .
“ Oh yeah , we were out of power for a couple of days .
It was so cold . ” “ Well , I thought I would have a little bit of fun and ride my dirt bike out in it .
Needless to say , it did n’t turn out too well . ”
I laughed .
“ What happened ?
Did you break something ? ” “ Yes , my leg .
It did n’t feel too good either , ” I admitted .
“ I would think not , ” she said disapprovingly while turning back to the window .
“ Stuff like that is dangerous , Galen .
You need to be more careful . ” “ I always am , ” I said softly .
I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist , bending over to smell the sweet scent of the shampoo in her hair .
She leaned into my touch and tilted her head back , gazing at me with absolute contentment .
“ I never thought I would feel this happy again , ” she whispered .
“ I shut myself off completely when Carson died .
I felt so lost , but when you came back into my life it was like I could feel again .
Galen , I … ”
Her eyes went wide and in that instant my heart stopped .
“ What were you going to say ? ”
I asked softly .
She lifted her head and laughed , but I could tell it was a nervous laugh .
I guess she was n’t ready to express those feelings yet .
“ I was going to say that I ca n’t wait for more snow .
We need to go outside and have a snowball fight , ” Korinne suggested .
Breaking away from me , she walked back to the kitchen to place the eggs and bacon on our plates .
I sighed , silently wondering why she could n’t just allow herself to let go and feel what she was feeling .
I knew she cared about me .
She would n’t go through all of this if she did n’t .
The love in her eyes was apparent , but something was still holding her back .
Could it be that she was waiting on me to tell her how I felt before she opened up ?
“ Are you hungry ? ” she called out .
“ I know I ’ m starving . ” “ I ’ m famished , ” I said while smiling at her .
We watched the snow continue to fall as we ate our breakfast in silence .
To break the mood we needed a distraction .
I planned on challenging her to a fight , and a snowball fight was what it was going to be .
It was her suggestion to have one , but I was determined to make it a little more interesting .
She does n’t know it yet , but the winner would get all rights to do as they pleased to the other .
Korinne might not like the outcome , but it ’s a fight I was surely going to win .
The walls around her heart were going to break , even if it was the last thing I did .


Korinne ’s eyes went wide as I explained the benefits of the winner .
“ You ’re stronger and faster than me !
It ’s not fair ! ” she shrieked in protest .
“ You ’ll definitely win . ”
I shrugged .
“ It ’s my birthday anyhow .
I think I deserve to win . ”
She narrowed her eyes .
“ You sure are taking advantage of the situation , are n’t you ? ” she teased .
Korinne smacked my arm when all I did was smile smugly at her .
At least she was being playful and not silent like she was at breakfast .
I had n’t exactly told her how I felt , but I planned on it tonight after I had my way with her .
“ Are you ready to go out there ? ”
I asked .
She snuggled deeper in her coat and put on her gloves .
She came prepared , and did n’t think to warn me before she brought me up here to the frigid cold of the mountains .
All I had was a thin jacket and no gloves .
“ I ’ m ready . ”
She grinned .
As soon as I opened the door she took off , circling around the outside of the cabin and out of sight .
Her footprints were evident in the snow so I followed them .
“ The first one to get ten hits wins ! ”
I yelled .
In that moment , Korinne dashed out from behind a tree and hit me square in the chest with a smack .
“ Ahh ! ”
I roared .
The force of it stung , not to mention all the snow that got down in my jacket , chilling me to the bone .
“ You ’re going to pay for that ! ”
I grumbled .
“ Your punishment will be to have to cook dinner naked tonight ! ”
I knew this would get her going .
I picked up a handful of snow just as she appeared around the outer edge to protest .
I threw the snow and it hit her right in the shoulder , catching her off guard .
Grunting from the impact , she gave me the evil eye .
“ You ’ll be lucky if I cook you anything now ! ” she snapped aggressively .
I smirked at her and that riled her up even more .
She had always had a competitive streak , and every time she ’d get angry and fight with me I found it sexy as hell .
I love a woman that ’ll fight for what she wanted .
After numerous snowball attempts , I was shocked to see that we were actually even at that point .
She ’d done better than I thought she would .
We both had nine hits on the other , only one more and she would be mine .
Our steps had marred the snow all across the yard , so it was impossible to track the other .
The snow in my hand was making my fingers numb as I walked slowly around the cabin .
I paused when I heard a slight crunching sound behind me … it was her .
Concentrating on her steps , I could tell she was coming nearer .
I waited patiently for her to get closer before I tackled her into the snow .
On the count of three I knew I had her .
One … two … three !
We both went down in a heap of laughter and that was when I got her with my tenth and final hit .
Snow littered her hair as I smashed the snowball gently onto her head .
She laughed and did the exact same thing to me with the snowball in her hand .
“ I won ! ”
I bragged , smiling devilishly at her .
“ So you did , ” she agreed .
“ Now what would you have me do since I ’ m your slave for the night ? ”
I could think of a million things we could do , but I did n’t want her thinking sex was the only thing on my mind when I was with her .
It was one of the main things , but only because I wanted to be close to her .
Looking down at my watch , I was shocked to see that we ’d been out there for three hours .
“ How about we change into some warm clothes and watch a movie ?
Then we can make dinner together .
How does that sound ? ”
I asked her .
“ It sounds great , but what about all of that ‘ having your way with me ’ stuff ? ” she mocked .
“ Trust me , that ’ll come later , ” I promised .
Pulling her up by the hand , we headed inside to the warmth of the cabin .
There was still the one thing I had yet to ask her , even though I had skirted around it before .
I just needed to find the right time to find out if she was ready to work for me .


After being kicked out of the kitchen three times , I finally went to the living room to watch TV .
The dinner Korinne was cooking smelled amazing .
I should ’ve known she ’d make my favorite dish .
Garlic and Italian seasonings were potent in the air , making my mouth water and my stomach growl .
Breakfast did n’t last too long after the afternoon Korinne and I had running around the yard for three hours .
I had always believed that no one could outdo my mother ’s spaghetti , but I was completely wrong .
Korinne ’s blew my mother ’s out the window .
“ Dinner will be ready in about ten minutes , ” Korinne informed me .
“ Sounds great !
I hope you brought some movies to watch because there ’s nothing good on television right now , ” I said while flipping through the channels on the television .
“ As a matter of fact , I did , ” she answered slyly .
Her mischievous smile peeked out when I turned to look at her .
If I did n’t know any better , I ’d say I had a pretty good idea what movies she had on her mind .
“ Do you think you can guess what I brought ? ” “ Let me think .
Is it Pride and Prejudice ? ”
I asked blandly .
She laughed .
“ Nope . ” “ Harry Potter ? ”
She laughed again .
“ Nope . ” “ How about the last season of True Blood ? ” “ No , but I actually like that show .
Bill and Eric are completely swoon - worthy . ” “ I should ’ve known you would like that show .
If it ’s not any of those then I have no clue what movies you brought , ” I said , throwing my hands up in the air .
She left the kitchen and walked over to the couch with a serious glint in her eye .
She climbed up and straddled my lap , which took me completely by surprise .
What just happened , I wondered ?
One minute we were talking movies and then the next she was climbing on my lap to seduce me .
I definitely was n’t expecting that .
She began by kissing my lips , to my jaw , and then down my neck taking bites along the way .
My groin instantly hardened , so I grabbed the soft mounds of her ass and pulled her in tighter against me .
I wanted to feel that heat between her legs rubbing against my cock .
She moaned in my ear and nipped my earlobe .
Her warm breath on my neck sent chills down my body , and all I wanted to do was make love to her .
To feel the heat of her flesh wrapped around mine .
“ One more chance , ” she whispered huskily , trailing her tongue down my neck .
“ If you guess the movie right this time I ’ll take you right here and right now . ”
She accentuated the last of her words with a tormenting grind against my cock .
How could I say no to that ?
“ Lord of the Rings ! ”
I blurted out .
She abruptly stopped her torturous movements and pulled back to stare at me with a huge grin on her face .
“ I knew you were playing with me ! ” she scoffed playfully .
“ Just for that I ’ m not holding up my end of the bargain . ”
Why did I fall for that scheme ?
I should have known she was testing me .
I groaned when she climbed off my lap to head back to the kitchen .
“ You are such a tease ! ”
I yelled playfully .
She giggled the entire time while finishing dinner .
I knew she ’d pick Lord of the Rings .
We watched it for the first time together and she had loved it ever since .
If she was happy she watched it , sad she watched it , and definitely when she was sick she would watch it .
I had n’t seen it since the last time we saw it together .


Dinner was excellent , especially when we followed it up with a piece of red velvet cake .
It was the best birthday I ’d had in years .
Not only did Korinne bring our favorite movie to watch , but she brought the other two Lord of the Rings movies to go along with it .
Sitting so close to her on the couch with touches here and there was enough to drive me insane , not to mention the time was dragging on .
I yawned .
“ It ’s getting awfully late .
With all the running around we did today I ’ m beat . ”
If I had my way I would have taken her on the couch , but I held back because she loved her movies and I did n’t want to take that away from her , even though she ’d watched them probably over a hundred times .
“ You ca n’t go to sleep now !
We have n’t finished our movies yet . ”
She grinned , and I could see the mischief in those eyes of hers .
I could tell she was goading me , but before I could make a move , Korinne moved in first .
She rubbed her hand lightly over my cock and that stilled me .
Just the slightest touch from her got me rock solid in seconds .
She lowered herself to the floor and spread my thighs apart , sidling to position between them .
Unbuttoning my jeans , she slowly released me with her soft , warm hands .
I stared into her smoky gray eyes while she stared into mine , claiming me just as I was claiming her .
She took my cock in her hand and glided it up and down , squeezing tightly .
My control was easily being tested today , and I did n’t know how much more of her teasing I could take .
Closing my eyes , I relished in the feel of her touch .
She began to slow her hand and I was caught off guard when I felt something warm and wet taking hold around my penis .
Leaning my head back against the couch , I groaned while she licked and sucked my cock , massaging me at the base and taking me as far as she could into her mouth .
She began to moan and it took all the control I had to keep from exploding .
“ Korinne , ” I pleaded .
She released her hold , and as much as I did n’t want her to stop , I knew that if she wanted me to last longer then she must .
“ Are you okay ? ” she replied breathlessly .
Her beautiful face was flushed and her lips were as red as fire , a fire I was dying to let scorch me .
Taking her by both elbows I lifted her to her feet .
“ Everything ’s great , but I do n’t want to finish this here . ” “ Where do you want to finish it then ? ”
She smiled .
“ I do n’t care where we finish it , just as long as I get to make love to you , ” I replied with all the love in my heart .
She jumped in my arms and planted her lips fiercely on mine .
Stumbling down the hall , I tried desperately to get us to a room and to a bed .
The first door I came to in the hallway would have to do .
I barged in while Korinne was ravishing me with her lips .
Before laying her down on the bed , I grabbed her shirt and tore it away from her body .
Unable to contain my desire , I massaged her breasts firmly and pulled down her bra to take a plump , round nipple into my mouth , teasing it with my tongue .
She always tasted sweet like berries , but there was another sweetness I ’d been dying to taste .
Korinne gasped and began tugging on my pants .
Her milky , white skin glowed in the darkness of the room , and I wanted nothing more than to explore every inch of it with my hands and to claim her body with my own .
I crawled off the bed to take off my pants and boxers , and all the while Korinne stared mesmerizingly at me .
She lay there , propped on her elbows , half - naked in her bra and black yoga pants .
Gripping the waist of her pants , I slid them down her long , smooth legs along with her underwear .
She settled herself down on the pillow and smiled up at me .
Damn , she was so sexy and beautiful , I thought .
I knew why I would never be happy with anyone else other than her , because no one had even come close to comparing with her .
Moving her legs aside with my knee , she sighed in anticipation .
I could tell she was aching for me , but I needed to taste her first .
It had been too long since I ’d had her this way .
I kissed along her thigh on up to her lush opening .
She shivered as I slowly licked across her sensitive spots .
I could taste her sweet wetness on my tongue and my cock throbbed with the need to take her hard and fast .
I told myself , Not yet .
Entering her with my tongue , she arched her back in pleasure and moved her body against my face .
She gripped the headboard and I looked up to see her breathing hard , making her breasts rise and fall enticingly with her chest .
I reached up to massage one of those breasts while I tortured her with my tongue .
I loved watching her squirm .
Leaving her slick heat , I moved slowly up her body , trailing my tongue to her stomach until I reached her breasts .
Korinne opened her eyes and watched me as I massaged along her soft mounds .
I unlatched her bra and threw it across the room .
Her nipples were peaked and ready for the attention I had to offer .
Her breasts were my favorite part about her body , and I could n’t help but ravish them .
Sucking greedily on one of her puckered nipples , I massaged firmly on her other breast .
“ Please , Galen , ” she murmured helplessly .
I chuckled lightly while gently biting her nipple .
She opened wider and tried to move down on my penis , but I did n’t let her .
She groaned and stared at me impatiently .
“ I need you .
Please , Galen , I do n’t think I can handle it much longer . ”
The need in her eyes had me mesmerized as I stared into those swirling gray pools .
I would do anything for that woman lying beneath me .
If she would ’ve asked me to follow her back in college I ’d have done it .
She did n’t because she knew that was where I needed to be .
Touching her face lightly she leaned into it , kissing my palm .
It was an intimate and loving gesture .
I was going to make love to this woman and there was no way in hell I ’d let her go after this .
I entered her fully and as deep as I could .
Moaning loudly in my ear , she gripped me tightly across the shoulders .
Her fingernails dug into my back as I moved inside her body , in and out slowly .
She was tight as hell , but oh so ready .
Her legs tightened around my hips and she moved rhythmically along with my thrusts , clenching tighter the more I glided across her nub .
We kissed each other feverishly , demanding , taking … claiming .
She was about to let go at any moment .
“ You ’re so tight , ” I groaned into her ear .
“ Oh my God , Galen , I ca n’t hold off any longer . ” “ I … do n’t … want … you … to , ” I pleaded .
Her orgasm finally reached its height and milked me to the quick .
Her screams began to level off just as my release exploded inside of her .
I held her tight while I savored in the feel of her contracting around my cock .
Sweaty and breathing heavy , I waited for the aftermath of our love making to settle before I declared the words I ’d been dying to tell her .
Still melded as one , with me fully inside of her , I whispered in her ear , “ I love you . ”
Holding her face in my hands a hot trail of tears began to slide along my fingers .
I pulled back to look at her , scared I ’d see horror on her face from me saying those words , but that was n’t what I found .
Only love showed back , and a smile so happy that it beamed brightly through the dark room , making it light .
My light is what she was , my beacon , and my new beginning .
Staring into the glow of her eyes , I decided to confess my true feelings .
“ I do n’t think I ever stopped loving you , Korinne .
You were on my mind every day , and I always wondered what it would have been like if you never left . ” “ Oh , Galen . ”
Sighing , she paused and locked her hands around my face before saying the words I ’d wanted to hear .
“ I love you , too , ” she cried .
“ You know what this means , do n’t you ? ”
I said while kissing her again , lingering on her lips an extra second longer to enjoy the feel of them .
“ What does it mean ? ” she whispered softly .
“ It means that you ’re mine , and only mine from this day forth .
Never again will I let you be anywhere else other than with me . ” “ I think I can live with that . ”
She smiled before crushing her body to mine in another round of passionate love making .


The ride home from the mountains went extremely fast .
Every minute I spent with Korinne flew by in a heartbeat .
It was n’t until she pulled into my driveway that I remembered I forgot to ask the question I was too afraid to ask before .
“ I need to ask you something , ” I said hesitantly .
Korinne put the car in park and looked questioningly at me .
“ Okay , ” she mumbled , drawing out the word .
“ I know things have been changing for you and getting better , and we also know that your mad skills have resurfaced .
So … what I want to know is if maybe … maybe you would like to work for the company ? ”
I gritted my teeth in anticipation waiting on her answer .
I knew she was ready for it , but I did n’t know if she knew that she was ready .
She stared at me blankly for a few seconds before bursting out in laughter .
That laughter took me completely by surprise .
“ I ’ve been waiting on you to ask me ! ” she beamed brightly .
“ You have ? ”
I asked , sounding shocked .
She nodded .
“ Of course I have .
I mean , I was n’t ready before when you skirted around it , but now … ” “ So is this a yes ? ” “ Yes !
I would love to , but is n’t there a policy against dating coworkers ?
Because if so , then I ’ m afraid we have to call it quits , ” she said it seriously , but I could tell she tried to hold in her smile .
She failed miserably .
I shook my head .
“ You have nothing to worry about .
I would n’t be your boss anyway , because you ’d be more of a freelance designer than anything .
However , you would need an office at my firm .
How does sharing one with me sound ? ”
She chewed on her bottom lip , avoiding my question .
It looked like she needed a little bit of persuasion .
Leaning down towards her luscious lips , I captured them with my own .
“ Are you in ? ”
I asked .
“ Just think of all the things we could do in that office together . ” “ Oh yeah , ” she replied huskily .
“ I ’ m in . ”
I kissed her long and hard before the time came for me to leave .
Grabbing my bags from the trunk , I walked around to her side of the car to tell her good - bye .
“ I ’ll see you tomorrow morning by nine ? ” “ I ’ll be there , ” she agreed .
She waved me good - bye and drove off down the street .
I unlocked the door and the phone rang as soon as I entered the house .
“ Hello , ” I said into the phone .
“ Happy Birthday , old man ! ”
I laughed at my brother .
“ You ’re a day late , but it ’s okay though .
I ’ m just surprised you remembered at all . ” “ I blame it all on the concussions I got playing football , ” he joked , even though we both knew those concussions were not a joking matter .
“ I heard Korinne took you away for the weekend .
How did that go ? ” “ It went great , as a matter of fact , but of course I ’ m not going to give you the details , ” I pointed out .
“ No worries .
I did n’t really want to know about your sex life anyway . ” “ That ’s good to know .
Hey , do you mind if I talk to Jenna ?
I need her to do something for me , ” I added .
I had an idea for something special for Korinne and also myself , but only Jenna could do it for us .
It would be something we could cherish for the rest of our lives .
“ Yeah , I guess so .
I do a good deed in calling my brother and all he wants is to talk to my wife .
I can feel the brotherly love , ” he joked .
“ Anyway , here she is . ” “ Galen , is everything okay ? ”
Jenna asked as soon as she took the phone from Brady .
“ Oh yeah , everything ’s fine .
I need you to paint something for me . ” “ Really ?
What did you have in mind ? ” she asked , intrigued .
I explained to her what I wanted and she was more than willing to comply with my request .
“ This will be amazing ! ” she squealed .
“ It may turn out to be the best work I ever put out there .
Give me some time and I ’ll have it done .
I do n’t want you having to wait for it , but trust me , it ’ll be worth it . ” “ No rush , Jenna .
I know for a fact you ’ll make it perfect . ”
We both hung up , and I went to get everything ready for work the next day .
Korinne spoiled me with her presence and now I had to spend the night alone , but at least I ’d get to see her the next day and the day after that .
Working with her was going to be amazing .
Chapter Eleven


“ How did it go ? ”
Jenna asked .
I called her as soon as I got home from dropping Galen off .
“ It was the best weekend ever ! ”
I screamed excitedly .
“ It was the greatest time I ’ve had in a long time . ” “ Did you have sex ?
Please tell me you had sex ? ” she teased .
“ Of course we did , and it was amazing , but something else happened , too . ”
Jenna gasped , “ What ?
What happened ? ” “ He told me he loved me , ” I said softly .
“ Oh my goodness !
What did you say ? ” “ I told him I loved him , too , ” I admitted sheepishly .
“ Then why do you sound sad about it , Ducky ? ” she asked .
“ I ’ m not sad exactly , but I ca n’t seem to shake the guilt I have over Carson .
I have n’t told another man I loved him since him . ” “ Wow . ”
She sighed .
“ Well , did you mean it when you said it to him ? ” “ With all my heart I meant it . ” “ Then you have nothing to feel guilty over .
Oh Ducky , I ’ m so happy for you !
You need to be able to move on and it looks like things are going great for you , ” she said happily .
“ I know , ” I agreed .
“ I ’ m also going to work for him .
I start tomorrow . ”
She squealed again , only louder that time .
“ It must have been one amazing weekend for all these things to happen ! ”
I laughed .
“ It was , but I ’ll let you know how my first day on the job goes . ” “ You do that .
Take care , Ducky , and I ’ll talk to you later , ” she said , wrapping up the conversation .
“ Will do , Twink !
Love you ! ”
I finally made it home to my small , lonely condo .
The getaway weekend was phenomenal .
Hearing Galen say he loved me made me extremely happy , but it also scared me to death .
Was I really ready to take that big leap on fully opening my heart ?
I was n’t completely sure .


Riding the elevator to one of the top floors of M&M ’s Architectural Design , I could n’t stop the butterflies and nerves from going crazy in my stomach .
Why was I so nervous ?
Failing had never been an option for me , but I was afraid I would n’t live up to everyone ’s expectations .
The elevator opened and I walked into a lobby with a huge desk in the center .
A middle - aged woman was staring intently at her computer and typing away .
She saw me approach and a huge smile took over her face .
“ Well hello there Mrs . Anders .
It ’s good to see you again . ”
She stood up and held out her hand .
I clasped it and shook it firmly earning an even bigger smile from her .
“ It ’s nice to see you again too , Rebecca , ” I said warmly .
“ I knew he could get you here .
I got onto him for taking so long to ask you to work for him .
You would n’t believe the amount of calls we get for people asking about you . ”
My eyes went wide , but she continued speaking and overlooked my shocked expression .
“ You are one hot commodity around here . ” “ Oh , Rebecca , we do n’t want to scare her on her first day now do we ? ”
I jumped at the sound of Galen ’s voice , and when I turned around that devilish smile of his took me away .
Rebecca waved him off and took a seat back at her desk .
“ I ’ m not scaring her , ” she said looking at me , but then she shied away when she saw my shocked expression .
“ Uh oh , well maybe I am scaring her .
Well anyway , you two lovebirds have fun working or whatever it is you young people will be doing in there behind closed doors . ”
She snickered after saying that and I knew my face had turned bright red in embarrassment .
I stood there , frozen and speechless , until Galen walked over and grabbed my hand , pulling me into the confines of his office .
Galen ’s work space was not only huge , but he had a wonderful view of downtown Charlotte .
It was a good thing I was n’t going to be spending much time in there , because if I did I would n’t get anything done .
Galen ’s drafting desk took up one whole wall while another desk took up the center .
There also happened to be another desk in a private corner off to the side , which I was assuming would be mine .
Model houses were on every single surface in the room , and of course I could tell they were all Galen ’s designs .
He had a specific brand to him , and I could spot them from a mile away .
“ Good morning , beautiful . ”
Galen greeted me with a hug and a delicious kiss .
He tasted like coffee with a splash of hazelnut .
I did n’t drink coffee , but I absolutely loved tasting it on him .
“ Good morning to you , too , ” I replied sweetly .
“ Are you ready to get started ? ” he asked .
“ Or do you need more time to adjust ? ”
I laughed .
“ No , I think I ’ m good .
Tell me what I need to do . ”
I glanced at the empty desk and then back to Galen , eyebrows raised .
“ Were you actually serious about me sharing your office ? ”
He peered over at the desk and nodded .
“ Of course I was .
Why , do you not want to ? ” “ Oh no , it ’s perfectly fine .
I just thought you were kidding . ”
He shrugged and put his arm around my shoulders .
“ Well , look at it this way .
We can make love anytime we want during the day . ”
My face blushed crimson at his admission and he chuckled at my expense .
Maybe sharing an office was n’t such a good idea .
I could n’t help but wonder how many days we could go without having sex in there … most likely none .
Galen searched his desk , and when he found what he was looking for he handed it over .
“ Here ’s the list of all the clients that are begging for you .
I ’ve spoken to them all and they ’re waiting for you to respond .
You ’ll see I ’ve also written notes in there to give you an idea of what they want . ”
When I looked at him and smiled , he shrugged like it was n’t a big deal .
“ I did it so you would be prepared .
I hope you do n’t mind , but I wanted to make sure you were n’t overwhelmed on your first day . ”
I took a look at the book and opened it to the first page .
My eyes went wide at the mile long list of clients .
That was going to be enough work to last ten years .
Well , maybe not that long , but it would sure keep me busy for a while .
“ I ’ve been keeping a list of people that have recommended you for the past couple of years .
They were really happy when I told them you were now available , ” Galen admitted happily .
“ I do n’t know what to say .
I ca n’t believe they ’ve wanted me so badly , ” I said , completely flabbergasted .
“ Shit , Korinne , you ’re the best and they all know it .
I ’ m honored that you said yes to come work for me , but I think my charm might have worked on you some , too . ”
He smiled , and that smile could get anyone to fall at his knees .
“ I ’ m glad I said yes , too .
Maybe your charm did help out a little bit as well , ” I admitted whole - heartedly .
Looking at the long list in my book , I figured it was time to start calling people .
“ I guess I need to get busy , ” I announced .
Galen pulled me into his arms , and I melted in his embrace .
Oh yes , it was going to be very difficult to keep my space from him in that office .
“ I ’ m here to help you if you need anything , ” he said warmly .
I nodded against his chest .
“ I know , and thank you for helping me .
I ca n’t wait to get started . ”
We broke away from the hug and Galen went to his desk while I went to mine .
Staring mesmerized at the open book , I took one giant breath before marching into the challenge and calling the first person on the list .


The two clients I saw first had mapped out all of their plans and waited on my replies and suggestions .
They were both really excited when I threw in the twists of my own ideas .
It felt amazing to open my mind again and create imaginative settings for people to enjoy .
Looking at the clock in my car , the time was now four in the afternoon and I was just then returning to M&M .
I had n’t spoken to Galen yet , so I was excited to share with him the good news .
Rebecca was at her desk and waved at me before I went inside Galen ’s office , or better yet , our office .
Galen had his back to me , standing at his drawing desk , when I entered .
Slowly advancing to his side , I peered over his shoulder to see what he was working on .
The sight before me was astounding .
“ Wow ! ”
I belted out .
His sketches were absolutely beautiful .
Still looking down at his work , he laughed .
“ I ’ m assuming that was a good wow ? ”
He moved aside to let me see more closely .
“ Yes , you ’re amazing , ” I murmured in awe .
Galen took my hands and pulled me to him .
“ How was your day ? ” he asked .
“ It was spectacular .
I met with two clients and already have the rest of the month scheduled .
It does n’t look like I ’ll be spending much time here though . ”
Galen pouted his lip , and it took all of my restraint not to reach up and grab it with my teeth .
“ Well then I guess we need to christen this office today since you wo n’t be here much . ”
He paused and glanced at each desk .
“ Your desk or mine ? ” he asked playfully .
Was he serious ?
I wondered .
When I did n’t answer right away , he answered it for me by taking my hand and pulling me over to his desk .
“ My desk it is then .
And look , you made it easy for me by wearing a skirt . ” “ You ’re too much , you know that ? ” “ Oh I know , but you love it . ”
Indeed I did , I said to myself .
Galen slid the papers on his desk to the corner , and lifting me up by the waist , set me down .
“ What if someone comes in ? ”
I asked .
He grinned .
“ I was prepared and had the door on auto lock as soon as you shut it . ” “ You are so sneaky , ” I teased .
“ I have a meeting in fifteen minutes so we do n’t have long , but I think we can manage , do n’t you ? ”
He glided his hands up my thighs and pushed the skirt up to my waist , not waiting on an answer .
Fifteen minutes was fine with me .
I was already turned on and ready to go .
He loosened his pants quickly and they fell to the floor , revealing his well chiseled thighs and his already hard cock that would be devouring me soon .
Galen pulled me closer by gripping my thighs and sliding me across the desk .
Removing my underwear , he wrapped my legs around his waist .
Wasting no time in the matter , Galen entered me hard and swift in one deep thrust .
As much as I loved going nice and slow sometimes going hard and fast could be way more pleasurable .
The grip he had on my body was constricting as he held me down on the desk , but I loved feeling the closeness to him as he pounded away his desires into my body .
He groaned quietly in my ear while I gritted my teeth together to keep from screaming out the pleasures I was feeling .
I really did n’t want Rebecca hearing what we were doing in there .
When the orgasm hit I could feel Galen pulsating and releasing his seed inside of me .
Breathing hard , he kissed me on the lips before pulling out and lifting his pants .
Smiling apologetically at me , he handed me a box of tissues .
He pulled a couple of them out and helped wipe up the insides of my thighs .
“ I ’ m sorry about that , ” he said softly , looking down at the sticky mess between my legs .
“ It ’s okay , I actually like that we can do this .
It ’s more intimate , ” I said softly .
Galen looked down at his watch and his eyes went wide .
“ Shit , I have two minutes to get to the board room .
Go home , be careful , and I ’ll call you tonight . ” “ All right , ” I said , smiling while fixing my skirt .
He kissed me on the cheek and whispered softly in my ear .
“ I love you , Kori . ” “ I love you , too . ”


My phone rang on the way home , but it was in my purse and I refused to go digging for it while I was driving .
I ’d see who it was when I got home .
All I wanted to do right then was take a nice , hot shower and cuddle on the couch with a bowl of cheddar popcorn .
Maybe I ’d watch the Lord of the Rings again .
Or better yet , I needed to start unpacking my boxes .
I could n’t live out of them for the rest of my life now could I ?
As soon as I got home I headed straight for the shower .
For about thirty minutes I relished in the feel of hot water spraying over my skin .
I wondered what it would be like to make love to Galen in the shower .
That would need to be something I mentioned to him the next time I saw him .
Once my shower was done , I decided on the popcorn dinner and a movie .
I did n’t know how long Galen was going to be in his meeting , but it worked out perfectly .
Having some Korinne time right then was what I needed .
As I settled on the couch I heard my phone beeping in my purse .
I had completely forgotten I had a missed call .
Surely if it was important they would have called back .
The number was not familiar to me , but they did leave a message .
After dialing voicemail , a man ’s voice that I did n’t recognize came over the line .
“ Good evening , Mrs . Anders , I ’ m Richard Carmichael .
I believe we have met before , but in case you do n’t remember I was a friend and colleague of your late husband , Dr . Carson Anders .
I ’ m head of the trustees over at the hospital and I ’ m calling because I wanted to invite you to a special reception in honor of Carson , along with some of our other valuable doctors .
The reception is next Thursday night at seven o’ clock .
We really hope to see you there .
Take care , Mrs . Anders . ”
Dropping the phone , I sank onto the couch and tried desperately to suck in a good breath .
I could n’t believe this was happening again .
Grief washed over me , and just when I thought I could move on I got reminded again of what I ’d lost .
The tears came at their own accord and I let them flow .
I was beginning to feel happy and I thought those feelings were genuine .
Was it just a mask that had me believing that I was happy ?
A delusion , a mask of delusion that covered up everything that I ’d left unfinished in my life .
I still had n’t been to mine and Carson ’s home or even to the graveyard where he was buried .
The realization that I still had n’t come to terms with my grief felt like a knife straight through my heart .
By no means was I weak woman , but putting off my past was not going to help my future .
Until I could deal with my past , how could I ever fully move on ?
Galen had been a wonderful distraction , but he would n’t be able to fix what was broken inside me , only I could .
I needed to find the courage and deal with my problems on my own .
If I kept putting it off it would keep coming back when something reminded me of Carson .
Would Galen understand if I needed time alone to figure this out and get my affairs in order ?
I just needed him to understand and give me some space while I got things taken care of .
My mind felt like a whirlwind of emotions .
I loved Carson and I knew I always would , but now I was in love with Galen .
Carson would ’ve wanted me to be happy , but I could n’t seem to keep the guilt at bay .
It kept coming back like I was doing something wrong .
Galen wanted to be there for me and he ’d also been patient in letting me cope , but to move on I needed to do it myself .
Please let him understand , I thought .
Chapter Twelve


“ Rebecca , has Korinne called or left a message ? ”
I asked .
“ No , is something wrong ? ” she responded .
I checked my phone again to make sure I did n’t just miss the call and that I was overreacting , but looking through the calls she was n’t there .
“ I hope not .
I called her several times last night and she never answered . ” “ Well , maybe she was asleep ? ”
Rebecca assumed .
Thinking about last night it was a possibility since it was really late when I called .
The meeting ran over and I had no chance to call her sooner .
I nodded , hoping my reasoning was right .
“ That ’s probably what it was , ” I agreed .
Rebecca looked at me like she did n’t believe my words , and truthfully , I did n’t think I believed them either .
Something felt like it was wrong , and I did n’t think I would be able to last long not knowing if she was okay .


The day dragged on and still nothing from Korinne .
I called her client for the day and they raved about how they were really happy with their meeting with her .
She obviously was doing just fine , which made me wonder if she was avoiding me .
Hastily picking up my phone , I decided to call her again .
That made probably the tenth time I ’d called her since last night .
The phone rang and rang , but no answer .
When her voicemail picked up , I made the decision to leave a message .
Once the beep sounded I started recording my message .
“ Korinne , I ’ve called you numerous times and I really wish you would call me back .
I need to know that you ’re okay and that I have n’t done anything to upset you .
Whatever is going on , you have to know I ’ll help you through it .
I do n’t think I deserve being put in the dark .
Please call me back . ”
I slammed the phone shut and sat it on my desk .
If she did n’t call back by that night I was going to pay her a visit .
I did n’t want to come off as being overprotective , but I had no idea why she ’d be avoiding me and I wanted answers .
The rest of the day passed by in a haze , and with my thoughts and feelings being everywhere I could n’t concentrate on anything .
I decided to head home early and work out my frustrations in the gym by giving my punching bag a brutal beating .
Needless to say , my knuckles were bruised and bloody after that workout .
After showering and getting ready for dinner , the call finally came .
When I saw it was Korinne calling I let out a sigh of relief even though I was pissed from her ignoring me .
“ Korinne , what ’s going on ? ”
I barked out .
She sighed , her voice sounding sad and distressed , “ I ’ m sorry I did n’t call you earlier . ” “ Are you all right ?
I ’ve been worried about you .
Did I do something wrong ? ”
I asked hesitantly .
“ No , you did n’t do anything wrong , Galen .
I just need some time , ” she said .
I shook my head , not understanding at all .
“ What do you mean by that ?
I thought things were going great .
Are … are you leaving me ? ”
I asked incredulously .
Her silence hit me square in the gut .
How could she do this to me after everything we ’d shared ?
“ Answer me , Korinne , ” I demanded .
She let out a shaky breath .
“ I ’ m not leaving you , Galen , but there are some things I need to sort out first before I can completely move on with you .
Do n’t you see ?
I realized I ’ve been hiding behind you and not fully dealing with my problems .
When I ’ m with you I can forget , but as soon as I ’ m alone I ’ m hit with the grief and loss once more .
I need to put that grief to rest before I can be fully happy again .
It ’s not fair to you or this relationship . ”
Her cries erupted over the phone and all I wanted to do was comfort her .
I understood what she was saying , but giving her space was not something I wanted to do .
“ I love you , Korinne , and I want to be there for you .
Please do n’t shut me out . ” “ I ’ m not shutting you out , ” she cried softly .
“ I have things that need to be taken care of , and I need to do them alone .
I love you too , but please understand that I have to do this . ”
I sighed heavily into the phone .
“ The only way I ’ m going to let you go is if you promise me something .
Promise me you ’ll come back and I ’ll give you the space you need .
I told you I was n’t going to let you go , and I ’ m going to hold onto those words . ”
Korinne did n’t take promises lightly because once she promised to do something she always did .
That was one thing I ’d always loved about her , she could be trusted .
“ I promise I ’ll come back to you , ” she whispered .
Those were the last words she spoke into the phone before the line went silent .


The days felt like years .
I ’d been working nonstop for the past few days , and I ’d even slept in my office the past two nights .
It had been five days since the last time Korinne had spoken to me .
It killed me not to be able to hear her voice every day .
“ Mr .
Matthews ? ”
Rebecca called over the intercom .
“ Yes , Rebecca . ” “ Richard Carmichael is here to see you . ”
I groaned and placed my head onto the desk .
This day was not a good one to have visitors .
After pushing the blueprints I ’d been working on aside , I tried to straighten my wrinkled clothes that I ’d slept in last night .
Doing the overnighters was starting to wear on me .
I could barely keep my eyes open .
“ Send him in , ” I said .
A few seconds later the door opened and Richard walked in .
He did a double take before laughing and taking a seat across from me .
“ Damn , son , you need to get some sleep , ” he stated awkwardly .
I chuckled lightly .
“ Yeah , I know .
I ’ve worked nonstop the past couple of nights . ”
Richard shook his head .
“ I do n’t see how you do it . ”
Shrugging , I asked , “ What can I do for you ? ”
Richard handed me a thick envelope and I looked at him questioningly .
“ I wanted to give it to you personally .
Next Thursday there ’s going to be a special reception at the City Club in honor of our doctors .
Dr .
Carson Anders will be mentioned along with a new plan the board of trustees have come up with . ”
At my questioning look he continued , “ You see , the money you donated is going to help us hire more doctors and nurses .
The tragedy with Dr . Anders should ’ve been prevented .
There was no reason for him to have worked so many hours the night he was killed .
We wanted to help prevent this sort of thing , and you ’re generous donation is going to help us with that . ”
I was speechless .
I wondered if Korinne knew about this , because if she did it would explain why she felt the need to take a step back .
Curious , I asked , “ Have you contacted Dr . Anders ’ wife and informed her about this ? ”
Richard nodded .
“ I left her a message a few days ago .
She has n’t responded yet . ”
Having no doubt , I knew that this reception was what saddened her .
“ Did you happen to mention in the message about this new plan ? ”
I asked curiously .
“ No , she does n’t know , ” he replied .
“ I did n’t say anything about it in the message nor did I mention anything about the money you donated in his honor . ” “ Good , let ’s keep it that way for now , please , ” I requested .
“ Certainly , Galen .
So I ’ll see you at the reception ?
Sarah will be awfully happy to see you again . ” “ Yes , I ’ll be there .
Tell Sarah I ’ll be happy to see her , too . ”
I extended my hand to him and he shook it before saying good - bye and walking out the door .
I knew Korinne would be at the reception , and I wondered what she ’d do when she saw me there .
Would she be distant or would she come back to me ?
I could only hope it would be the latter .


The reception was tonight and I still had n’t heard a word from Korinne .
It had been two weeks since I ’d talked to her .
Two long , agonizing weeks that I had n’t been able to hear her voice or see her angelic smile .
Hopefully I ’d get the chance tonight .
When I pulled into the City Club parking lot , I searched for Korinne ’s car .
I did n’t see her yet , but I knew she would n’t miss that event .
Opening the door , the valet gave me a ticket before taking my car away .
The City Club was a nice establishment where the upper crust would hold their dinner parties and such .
They had a ballroom that held at least seven hundred people and then some .
I would say it had reached its limit with the amount of people in there .
The people stared at me as I made my way through the crowd .
It was no secret who I was , and what I did .
My father was widely known in this community and well - respected .
“ Mr .
Matthews ! ” a woman called out .
I turned to see who had said my name , and a beautiful lady — probably in her late thirties — was headed my way .
She offered me her hand .
“ Mr .
Matthews , I ’ m Catherine , it ’s so nice to meet you . ”
I took her hand and shook it in greeting .
“ Hello Catherine , it ’s nice to meet you , too . ”
She smiled and stood a little straighter , making her oversized breasts perk out of her dress , and she started to move closer to me , maybe just a little too close .
“ I ’ m on the board of trustees and I wanted to personally thank you for everything that you ’ve done .
It ’s going to bring about a new change to the hospital . ” “ I ’ m happy to hear that , ” I said .
She smiled flirtatiously at me , and when I did n’t reciprocate she pouted a little and decided to try harder .
“ I would love to hear more about you , and of course I could tell you about everything we plan on doing to the hospital because of you .
If you did n’t bring a date would you mind if I sat with you to discuss it all ? ”
I did n’t want to be mean and thankfully I was saved when the voice I ’d been dying to hear spoke out behind me .
“ As a matter of fact , I mind , ” Korinne announced .
“ I happen to be his date for the evening . ”
I turned around to see her eyes burning with jealousy , and she was staring straight at Catherine .
This was a side to her I had n’t seen before .
Catherine ’s mouth flew open , and then she narrowed her eyes at Korinne in a silent battle .
She turned to me and smiled .
“ Maybe some other time then Mr . Matthews . ”
She winked and sashayed her way to the other side of the room .
“ What did she want to talk to you about ? ”
Korinne asked curiously , with a jealous tone imminent in her voice .
“ I was beginning to think blondie there was going to get down on her knees and worship you … among other things . ”
She mumbled the last part , but I heard her clear as day .
Korinne was elegantly dressed in a form - fitting , black sequined evening gown with her arms crossed at the chest .
She looked amazing and pissed .
I began to feel somewhat hopeful , since she had gotten jealous over another woman .
“ What are you doing here by the way ? ” she questioned .
Before I could open my mouth to speak , Richard ’s voice came out over the crowd .
I guess she would find out why I was here in just a moment .
“ Ladies and gentlemen , will you please take your seats . ” “ Shall we ? ”
I said , motioning to the chairs behind us .
She gave a small smile .
“ Sure . ”
We took our seats side by side , and thankfully she did n’t move away from me when I sidled closer to her .
Even if it was just a simple touch , it made me happy to be next to her .
Richard ’s voice boomed across the crowd .
“ We ’re here tonight in appreciation of our wonderful doctors and staff .
They ’re love and dedication to their patients has made our hospital one of the best in the United States . ”
Murmurs of agreement floated through the crowd .
Peeking over at Korinne , I noticed her shoulders were stiff as boards and her face was void of any emotion .
I could tell she was trying to be strong by acting distant .
Reaching over , I gave her hand a brief squeeze so she would know I was there to support her .
“ Another reason we ’re here is to celebrate a new plan that is effective immediately .
Starting tomorrow we have several new doctors and nurses that will be circulating through our hospital halls .
We were given an extremely generous donation from an amazing gentleman who wanted it to be placed in one of our former doctor ’s memory . ”
Korinne gasped lightly beside me , and it was her this time that grabbed my hand and squeezed it tightly .
“ This lovely donation is the reason we could fund this new plan in Dr . Carson Anders ’ memory .
His passing was a tragedy , and we ’re doing this to help prevent things like this from happening again . ”
A tear escaped from the corner of Korinne ’s eye , but she was still holding herself up strong .
I knew it had to be hard for her not to break down , but she still listened intently to Richard ’s speech .
“ The board would like to thank this generous donator with an award of appreciation . ”
Richard looked out at the crowd , and when his gaze landed on mine he smiled .
“ Everyone , I ’d like you to show thanks to Mr . Galen Matthews . ”
Korinne sucked in a sharp breath and stared at me with wide eyes .
“ Oh my God , ” she murmured .
“ I ’ll be back , ” I said .
As I stood up the room erupted with the booming sound of everyone ’s hands clapping .
Richard handed me a plaque as soon as I walked up to the front .
“ Thank you , ” I said to him , and to everyone out in the crowd .
When my eyes veered to Korinne , I noticed her swiftly making her way out of the ballroom .
Nodding to everyone , I left the stage to chase after her .
Please let me make it to her in time , I said to myself .
Dashing through the front doors , I was surprised to see Korinne standing there , motionless .
Her back was to me but her gaze was locked on the city lights of downtown .
“ Korinne , ” I said softly .
She did n’t speak , so I slowly moved closer and closer until I finally wrapped my arms around her .
Twisting in my arms , she put hers around my waist , laying her head on my chest .
It felt so good to have her there again .
“ Thank you , ” she whispered delicately .
I ran my hands soothingly up and down her back , savoring in the time I had with her .
There was no telling if she would be running away from me again .
“ You ’re welcome . ”
She pulled back to look at me , and her stormy gray eyes were swirling with a thousand emotions .
Tears glistened on her cheeks , so I wiped them away with my fingers .
She turned her face from me and dabbed the rest away with a tissue .
Korinne never did like crying in front of anyone because she always said it would make her look weak if she did .
I never understood that because I thought she was far from weak .
“ I do n’t know what to say , ” she choked out .
“ Other than thank you , and what inspired you to do it ? ”
How could she ask that ?
Did she not know that I ’d do anything for her ?
“ You inspired me , Korinne .
I know you love Carson and always will .
I have no desire to take his place or to try and make you forget about him .
This was something I wanted to do for you ; to show you that I ’ m here for you and I ’ll do anything to support you . ”
I took her face lovingly in my hands .
“ I know you love me ; I have no doubt about it . ”
She nodded .
“ I do , with all my heart , but — ” I cut her off so that I could finish what I wanted to say .
I had to get it out , because if this was the only chance I had I was going to take it .
“ I understand you want to get through this on your own , but I want you to need me , the same way I need you .
I ’ve missed you so much the past couple of weeks .
Please tell me you ’re coming back to me now . ”
She stepped up on her tiptoes and placed a gentle kiss on my lips .
When she pulled back she hesitated , making my heart drop .
“ Not yet , there ’s one more thing I need to do first , ” she murmured softly .
Sighing , I dropped my head , but she took my face in her hands and drew me back up to meet her gaze .
“ Once I finish what I need to do I ’ll come right back to you .
Trust me , I ’ m almost there . ” “ How long , Korinne ? ”
She kissed me one more time and I could n’t stop myself from kissing her feverishly .
If she was n’t coming back to me yet I sure as hell was going to make her remember me .
I claimed her with my lips and she reciprocated in kind .
I needed her , and I knew she needed me .
I could feel her desire to come back to me .
“ Soon , ” she whispered across my lips before turning around and walking away .
Chapter Thirteen


Saying goodbye to Galen for those few weeks was torture .
I wanted to call him so badly , but I knew that I needed to finish everything on my own .
During those weeks , I drove by the home I ’d shared with Carson probably ten times , hoping I would get the courage to go inside .
Two days before the reception I finally took the leap and opened the front door .
I bet I stood there for an hour before I had the courage to move .
Everything was still in place , just the way I left it all those months ago .
I was there now and only one more room needed to be conquered before that part of my life was nothing except a memory .
That final room happened to be our bedroom .
I ’d been putting it off , but I knew I was ready now .
Movers were hired , and they came to take the furniture away .
Some of it went to storage , but the rest I sold or gave away .
If I had the space in my small condo I would have kept it all , but I did n’t .
The time had come for me to say good - bye to this house .
Carson and I had some great memories here , but those memories would always stay with me no matter where I was .
Going down the hallway , the door to our room was closed , making my heart thump wildly in my chest as I got closer .
When I was about to turn the knob the doorbell rang .
“ You have got to be kidding me ! ”
I screamed out .
Stomping all the way to the front door , I opened it to find a smiling Jenna pacing in the doorway .
My anger flew out the window at the sight of my lovely friend , smiling radiantly at me .
“ Ducky ! ” she squealed and threw her arms around me .
“ What are you doing here ? ”
I shrieked excitedly .
She walked past me and into the house .
“ You may not need Galen ’s help , but I know for a fact you wo n’t turn down your best friends . ”
She raised her eyebrows , daring me to contradict her .
I laughed .
“ Fine , but do n’t tell Galen . ” “ Your secret is safe with me , ” she promised .
“ So , what ’s on the agenda today ? ”
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly .
“ The last and final room , ” I admitted softly .
Her smile faded and her eyes shone with understanding .
“ Well then I made it here just in time . ”
I could feel my eyes begin to burn , but I held back the tears that were forming .
Taking me by the arm , Jenna led me down the hallway to the closed door beyond .
“ Come on , Ducky , you can do this . ” “ I know , ” I whispered .
We got to the door and I stood there for a few seconds to build the courage again .
Taking a few deep breaths , I finally grabbed the handle and turned .
My eyes closed instantly as I pushed the door open .
Jenna placed her hands on my shoulders .
“ Open your eyes , Korinne . ”
Doing as she said I opened my eyes .
The tears that began to sting before had now fallen in rivers down my cheeks .
Jenna walked in before me and took a look around while I stood there motionless taking in the sights before me .
The four - poster bed Carson and I slept in sat lonely in the middle of the room , perfectly made without a crease in the covers .
The sweatshirt he last wore was draped haplessly over the loveseat in the corner ; the same loveseat where Carson would read and go over patient files .
Jenna drew me out of my trance when she spoke .
“ Where should we start ? ”
I stuttered , “ Hmm … let me think , maybe the closet ?
It ’s going to be the hardest part , so why do n’t we start there ? ” “ Sounds good to me , but where are all the boxes ? ”
I pointed towards the door .
“ They ’re in the kitchen , ” I said .
She squeezed my shoulder before leaving me alone in the room .
I had a feeling she did it on purpose , to give me time for my closure .
I walked over to the loveseat where Carson ’s favorite sweatshirt lay , and I ran my hands delicately over the soft fabric , like it was the most valuable thing in the world .
Right then it was .
As soon as I picked it up , Carson ’s scent overtook my senses and the tears began to fall harder .
“ Oh my God , ” I said , breathing in deeply .
I could n’t believe it would still smell like him after all this time .
Burying my face in his scent , I collapsed onto the loveseat while the memories began to flood my mind , memories of a time where Carson was my world and I was his ; memories that would stay with me for all time .
As I sat there thinking about all of those memories , I never once thought about how I would ’ve wanted Carson to live his life if the situation was turned .
I would n’t want him sad and distraught , I would want him to be happy and move on .
I can do this , I said to myself .
It was going to be tough , but I ’d made it that far in just a couple of weeks .
I would always be sad over Carson ’s death , but the good memories we shared would surpass the grief and heartache .
I closed my eyes , soaking in the new found strength that had taken hold in my heart .
I did n’t realize Jenna had come back until I heard her voice .
“ Ducky , you ’re scaring me .
I expected to come in here to see you broken down on the floor , not smiling . ”
I chuckled lightly .
“ I was just thinking of all the good memories Carson and I had .
You know , I ca n’t think of a single argument we ever went through . ” “ I know , ” Jenna murmured .
“ He always gave you everything you wanted and would ’ve given you the moon if you asked him . ”
I agreed whole - heartedly , “ Yes , I know . ”
Jenna knelt in front of me , taking my hands in hers .
“ He wanted you to be happy , and with that being said I know he ’d want you to be happy even if that meant finding love with another man . ”
I nodded .
“ I know .
I just hate it took me this long to figure that out .
That morning in the hospital , when Carson died , he said something to me .
He never finished his sentence , but he wanted me to promise him something . ” “ What do you think it was ? ” she asked softly .
“ I did n’t know then , but I think I know now .
I think he wanted me to promise him that I ’d move on and find peace .
As silly as that sounds , I feel in my heart that this is what he would ’ve wanted .
He always thought of others before himself . ” “ That sounds like Carson , ” Jenna said , smiling .
“ There ’s nothing wrong with what you ’re doing .
Galen loves you , and Carson would want you happy and in love with someone that will treat you just as good as he did , if not better . ” “ I know . ” “ Okay , so enough moping .
Let ’s get this done . ”
She took a couple of boxes and made her way to the closet .
“ Have you decided what you want to do with his things ?
You could always keep them or give them to Goodwill . ” “ I think I ’ m going to keep most of it , ” I answered .
“ I want to keep the things that meant most to him , like this sweatshirt , ” I said , looking down at the bundle in my arms .
“ I do n’t think I can part with it . ” “ I understand , ” Jenna said .
“ I do n’t think I could get rid of Brady ’s personal things either . ”
While Jenna worked on the closet I worked on the dressers , clearing off the valuable trinkets and pictures .
When I saw the picture of Carson and me on our honeymoon , I busted out laughing as a memory came flooding back .
The picture looked perfect , with Carson and me smiling while the sun set behind us .
We went to Cozumel and it was one of the best times in my life , but what was funny was that right after the picture was taken the dress I was wearing flew above my waist as the wind caught it .
I was mortified .
It was embarrassing because not only did people see that happen , but I was also wearing a pair of thongs .
Needless to say , the people around us got a full view .
“ What ’s so funny ? ”
Jenna asked , snickering at me .
I showed her the picture and she burst out laughing .
I knew she remembered that day , because I called her right after it happened .
I think she laughed for ten minutes straight while I died of embarrassment .
At the time it was n’t funny , but now it was quite hilarious .
“ I wish I could have been there to see it , ” she giggled .
“ Yeah , and knowing you , you would ’ve captured the moment in a painting and put it in one of your galleries , ” I said , laughing .
Jenna feigned innocence by looking shocked .
“ Do you honestly think I would do that ? ” she asked with a mischievous smirk on her face .
“ I do n’t think …
I know , ” I informed her , stating the facts .
We both laughed and it lightened my heart to be able to find the joy in the past .
Packing the picture away , I moved on to other things .
There was one tiny box I saw off to the side and I recalled the day I put it there very well .
I buried Carson with his wedding band on , but mine … mine was in that little black box .
I removed it the day I left to move to my parent ’s house because I cried every time I looked at my hand , and I knew I could n’t handle it anymore .
Taking a deep breath , I closed my eyes while opening the box .
“ What are you going to do with your ring ? ”
Jenna asked .
Finally looking down at the beautiful ring , I shrugged .
“ I do n’t know .
Maybe I ’ll find something to do with it one day , but for now I ’ll store it away for safe keeping . ” “ I think that would be great , ” she claimed .
“ Yeah , ” I murmured to myself , placing the little black box in with the other things .
“ I ’ m going to start loading these boxes into the car , ” Jenna said .
She looked toward the bed and pointed .
“ What do you want to do with your bed ? ”
The thought of having to get rid of the bed broke my heart .
“ I do n’t want to let it go , but I also do n’t want to keep it .
It would be great if you or my parent ’s needed it . ” “ Actually , ” Jenna drawled out .
“ I could use it in the extra bedroom at home .
We finally moved out all of our junk from that room and put it in storage .
Now all we have is an empty room to fill . ” “ Oh , Twink , that would be perfect .
I can have it delivered to your house next week . ” “ That sounds great , ” she huffed while picking up two heavy boxes and heading out the door .
I felt better knowing I was n’t getting rid of it .
Once the bedroom furniture was gone , the house would be completely empty and ready to be put on the market .
I was happy in my little condo so there was no reason to stay in this huge house all by myself .
Now all I needed to do was help pack up the closet .
Walking into it was n’t as hard as I expected .
Jenna had packed up most of the stuff already and I was really grateful for that .
All that was left now was loading the boxes into the car .
Once they were loaded , I realized that this was my final goodbye to the house .
Jenna stood silently beside me as I gazed at what used to be a happy and loving home for me .
“ Are you ready to go home ? ”
Jenna suggested .
I looked over at her and smiled .
“ Meet me there ?
I have one more good - bye to make first . ”
Nodding in understanding , she squeezed my arm .
“ Take your time .
I ’ll get these unloaded at your condo . ”
I smiled once more at her before we went our separate ways .
The next good - bye was going to be the last thing I needed to do before moving on completely ; to finding my way back to Galen .


My throat tightened up as I drove slowly through the winding path .
The granite angel monument sitting atop the small hill was the place of my destination .
I wanted it to signify Carson ’s guardian angel , taking his soul away to heaven , because I knew that was where he was .
One day I hoped to see him again .
Next to me in the car sat a single purple rose that I brought to put on his grave .
Carson would always buy me multi - colored roses on special occasions because he knew I could never choose on one color ; so he would make sure I had them all .
My heart pounding like crazy , I took a deep breath and opened the car door , making my way to the top of the hill .
I have n’t had the courage to visit Carson until now , and I was scared to death .
My eyes began to burn the closer I got , but it did n’t stop me from taking those last steps to my husband ’s resting place .
Kneeling down on the soft , green grass , I placed the rose on the ledge of the tombstone .
The wind blew hard , bringing in the scent of fresh flowers and a rain that was about to come .
Birds chirped as they took their flight while the breeze made the leaves rustle and the branches sway .
It was strange that a place of sadness and death could be so peaceful and beautiful .
Carson was buried directly underneath where I was kneeling , and even though he was n’t actually there I could still feel him in my soul .
I took a deep , calming breath before speaking .
“ Hey Carson , ” I said softly , and paused to look around .
Why I waited for a reply that would obviously never come I did n’t know .
Secretly , a part of me was hoping I would hear his voice talking back to me .
“ I ’ m sorry I did n’t come before , but you had to know how hard it was for me .
You always told me I was a strong - willed person , but when you died I was anything but that .
I ran away to forget , but I think it actually made it harder for me , ” I cried .
Letting the tears fall , I rubbed my hands across the deeply engraved letters of Carson ’s name in the tombstone .
“ I miss you so much , Carson .
I miss the way you laughed , the way your eyes would crinkle when you smiled , and the way you would hold me in your arms .
I know the list could go on forever , but I wanted you to know that I would give anything to hear your voice again , just once . ”
Closing my eyes , I let the cool breeze embrace me as the wind picked up .
The spring time had come and a new life began , a new season and a time for change .
“ I will always love you , Carson .
We may not have had all the time in the world , but it meant the world to me .
Your love is inside me and I ’ll hold onto it until the day I die ; until the day we can see each other again . ”
I wiped the tears from my eyes and placed a kiss across the cold surface of Carson ’s tombstone .
“ Good - bye Carson , ” I whispered .
The wind blew again , and in my heart I believed it was Carson ’s love embracing me with his final good - bye .
I looked at his grave one more time before slowly walking away down the hill .
I ’d done what I needed to do to give my heart closure , and now it was time to find that new path ; the path to new beginnings .


Driving to the office had me nervous and excited all at once .
The moment Galen had been waiting patiently for had come , and I felt terrible for leaving him to guess when I ’d make my way back .
All I wanted to do was run into his arms and never let him go .
My second chance had been here the whole time , and now I was strong enough to take it .
The huge building of M&M Architectural Design was only a few blocks away and looming high into the heavens , or so it seemed when you were directly in front of it .
My guardian angel was in there and I could only hope that he would receive me with open arms .
He said he would wait for me , he promised to .
Now that I was ready to face my fears and move on , it felt like I could n’t get to him fast enough .
Since I worked in the large building I had a parking pass that I could use for the employee level and gain quick access to the elevators .
Parking in the closest space I could find , I hurtled out of the car and ran to the elevators .
My heart was thumping wildly and I felt as if my body was going to explode with the adrenaline coursing haphazardly through my veins .
“ Come on ! ”
I hollered impatiently inside the elevator , demanding it to move faster .
Of course it did n’t .
I was glad I was alone , because I knew I looked like an impatient child with my arms crossed while tapping my foot angrily .
Only three more floors to go … then two … then one .
I finally made it !
The door opened and Rebecca ’s eyes went wide at the sight of me running toward the office .
“ Hey , Rebecca ! ”
I said hastily while passing her desk .
“ Korinne , wait ! ”
Rebecca called out .
I did n’t stop but continued on to open the office door anyway .
I glanced around frantically , expecting to see Galen , but then my heart fell when I saw that he was nowhere in sight .
Rebecca was behind me when I turned around .
“ Where is he ? ”
I gasped with panic coursing through my veins .
I was n’t a patient person and now that I was determined to find him I could n’t stop until I did .
Grabbing for my cell phone , I decided to call him , but Rebecca ’s next words stopped me .
“ He wo n’t answer , ” she claimed .
Stopping in mid - dial I jerked my head up to look at her .
Standing frozen in place , I stared at her in horror and confusion .
Rebecca ’s eyes went wide and then out of nowhere she burst out laughing , shaking her head .
What the hell was going on ?
“ Korinne , honey , relax .
He ’s not ignoring you on purpose , ” she stated , laughing .
“ I did n’t mean to scare you , although it was priceless seeing your reaction . ”
I released the breath I knew I had been holding and thankfully the dizziness subsided .
Relief washed through me , and if I was n’t in a hurry I would have flopped down into one of the lobby chairs , but I had to know where to find him .
“ Becky , that was n’t funny , ” I said , with a hint of irritation .
“ Where is he that he wo n’t answer my call ? ” “ He ’s at the airport , Korinne .
He has to go to Denver to meet a prospective client . ” “ When does his flight leave ? ”
I asked impatiently , already heading for the elevator .
“ His flight leaves in an hour ! ”
Rebecca hollered out as the door to the elevator closed .
Please let me make it on time .
If the damn elevator did n’t move any faster I would miss my chance to make it right before he left .
Chapter Fourteen


The business deal in Denver could n’t have come at a worse time .
I respected Korinne ’s decision , and had given her as much time and space as she needed .
Two nights ago at the reception she said she would come back to me soon .
I contemplated calling her to tell her I was leaving the state to meet up with a new client , but decided against it .
The deal would mean a great amount of business for my firm .
The trip was only scheduled for a week , but the past few days had been an endless pool of agony .
Airports were not my favorite places to be .
Although I loved flying , I could n’t stand the rude people .
I had to bite my tongue on numerous occasions to keep from bitching at a few people .
Unfortunately , it would n’t look good for my company if word got out that I supposedly harassed someone at the airport .
Being in the public eye sure had its downfalls .
My flight was scheduled to leave within the next hour , and I hesitated when I pulled out my phone to send Korinne a text .
I typed in that I ’d be out of town , but when I was about to press ‘ send ’ the sweetest voice I ’d been dying to hear called out my name .
“ Galen ! ”
I jerked my head around and followed the sound of her voice .
Rebecca must have been the one to inform her of my leaving because no one else knew .
Searching through the crowd , I finally spotted her .
She was looking around frantically , desperate yet excited , but then she finally met my gaze .
Tears flowed down her cheeks like rivers as she stood there frozen , her eyes never swaying from mine .
I was about to go to her , but she did n’t give me the chance .
In just a matter of seconds she hurled into my arms and cried against my chest .
I held onto her tightly and let her body meld with mine , breathing her in deeply just to assure myself that it was actually her there with me .
I rubbed my hands up and down her back to soothe her while hot tears soaked through my shirt .
“ Korinne , ” I whispered , kissing the top of her head .
She pulled back to look at me , her eyes red and moist with tears .
“ I thought I was going to be late , ” she gasped , catching her breath .
“ I had to make sure I got here in time to tell you … ”
Tucking a strand of hair behind her ear , I slowly trailed my hand down her cheek .
“ Tell me what , love ? ”
She then paused and those stormy gray eyes of hers took me away , the same gray eyes that had possessed me many years ago .
Korinne took a deep breath and stepped up to kiss me gently on the lips .
They were soft and warm , and tasted like sweet honeysuckles on a hot summer day .
It was intoxicating and had always made me crave more .
I had missed the taste of her body the past few weeks , and was sure my hard cock pressing against her stomach let her know that .
Moving in closer , she pressed her luscious breasts against my chest and whispered across my lips , “ I came to tell you that I love you .
I ’ m so sorry for putting you through all that I have , but I ’ m here now and I ’ m never letting you go .
You ’re mine . ”
The possessiveness in her voice was sexy as hell and definitely sounded like the feisty Korinne I knew and loved .
Her words were what I ’d been waiting to hear .
“ And you ’re mine , Korinne .
I hope you know what you ’ve gotten yourself into .
From this moment on , if you have problems you ’re going to work them out with me .
You ca n’t run away again , I wo n’t let you . ” “ I ’ m not going to run …
I promise .
You ’re stuck with me , ” she teased .
Not able to wait any longer , I claimed her mouth with a desperate kiss , tasting her like I ’d been dying to taste her for weeks .
I ’d been deprived of her and now I was going to claim her as my own .
Everyone and everything did n’t matter anymore except the woman in my arms , the woman I happened to be in love with .
I groaned as Korinne broke away from the kiss , her lips all red and swollen , demanding to be kissed again .
My cock ached to be inside of her , to feel her tight , wet sheath surrounding me and clenching me tight .
How could I go another week without her touch ?
It was going to be absolutely impossible .
“ Are you sure you have to leave ? ”
Korinne taunted me playfully .
She stayed pressed up against me to hide my bulging cock from prying eyes .
“ Yes , I have to go , love .
The firm just landed a new account , so I ’ll be in Denver for the week , ” I answered regretfully .
She nodded in understanding , but her eyes looked sad .
“ I see .
I ’ m sorry it took so long to come back to you .
Can you forgive me ? ”
I placed my fingers to her lips and said , “ There ’s nothing to forgive .
You ’re here now , that ’s all that matters . ”
I looked down in between our bodies at my rigid cock , bulging under my pants , and then back up to her and smiled .
“ Although , I do believe he ’s had his objections . ”
Korinne peered up at me with a devilish smile .
“ I think we can remedy that . ”
Raising my brow in question , she smirked at me in response with a gleam in her eye .
“ Follow me , ” she whispered huskily .
In a matter of seconds we barged into the restrooms and locked ourselves in a stall .
Her passionate and needy gaze did me in , and in that moment I was happy to do whatever she wanted .
“ I need you , Galen , ” Korinne said softly , and those words were all it took .
I groaned as she ran her tongue along my neck and up to my jaw , and then over to my earlobe where she nipped it with her teeth .
I could n’t wait any longer .
Her pants were gone in the next instant , and I hastily undid mine , letting them fall to the floor .
Claiming her lips with my own , I entangled my tongue with the sweet taste of hers .
All I wanted was to taste more , more of that sweet essence , but I knew the time would n’t allow it .
There was going to be plenty of moments to make up for the lost time .
I lifted her feverishly , gripping my hands onto the soft mounds of her bare ass , and pressing her firmly against the wall .
My cock was hard and aching with the need to consume her then and there , and as hard as I could .
“ This wo n’t take long , baby .
I ’ve wanted you for way too long , ” I pointed out gruffly .
Her voice was sultry and seductive when she replied , “ I wo n’t last long either , Galen . ”
Guiding her down on my cock , I entered her hard and swift .
We both cried out in ecstasy .
Her wet sheath was indication enough of how ready she was for me .
She moved her hips along with my thrusts as her back moved up and down the wall .
I pulled her shirt above her breasts and grabbed one firmly while taking the other one ’s plump nipple into my mouth and teasing it with my tongue .
Her nails dug into my back when I pumped harder and harder into her tight folds .
I did n’t think there would ever come a time when I could n’t get enough of her .
Her body clenched tighter around my cock the harder I went , milking me to an end I knew was very near .
“ Galen , ” Korinne moaned .
“ I ’ m so close . ” “ I … know … ”
I stammered out .
Thrusting harder , she gripped her legs tighter around my waist , keeping me locked in place .
My release came swiftly inside her tight body while she contracted from her orgasm .
I held her in my arms , still wrapped around my body ; with me still deep inside of her , we enjoyed the aftershocks of our orgasms .
“ I love you , ” I said while gazing into her eyes .
“ I ’ve always loved you . ”
I kissed her gently on the lips before lifting her off of my still hard cock .
As much as I wished I could make love to her again , I knew I could n’t .
We both washed up as best we could , smiling and gazing at each other in the bathroom mirror the whole time , and headed back out to the departure gate .
Thankfully , we were the only ones in the bathroom during that session , but it was a risk I was willing to take .
We made it just in time for the attendant at the gate to make the announcement of my departure over the intercom .
“ First class passengers now boarding for flight 1284 for Denver . ” “ That ’s me . ”
I sighed sadly .
Korinne had a glow about her , and I could n’t seem to take my eyes away from her .
“ You ’re so beautiful , ” I murmured in her ear as I held her tight .
“ When I come back we need to make up for lost time . ”
Korinne smiled .
“ I look forward to it .
Will you call me when you land ?
That way I ’ll know you ’re safe . ”
I nodded .
“ I will , and I ’ll call you every day so I can hear the sweet sound of your voice . ”
Her face beamed brighter and she grinned .
“ That sounds like a plan .
I know I have a lot of making up to do . ” “ Yes , you do , ” I teased .
“ And I ’ m going to enjoy every minute of it . ”
The sound of the attendant making the final announcement for boarding came over the intercom .
“ You have to go , ” she murmured softly .
I kissed her lips lightly and cupped her face in my hands .
“ I ’ll be back shortly , I promise .
I love you , Kori . ” “ And I love you . ”
She smiled and let me go .
Turning to walk away , I looked back once to see her trying desperately to hold onto her sweet smile .
That smile was the last thing I saw before turning the corner , and it would be the one thing I thought about the whole time I was gone .
Chapter Fifteen


“ Are you ready for Mr . Matthews to come home ? ”
Rebecca asked in a sing - song voice .
Laughing , I turned from my desk to see her with a huge grin on her face .
“ Yes , I ’ m excited !
I do n’t see how this week could ’ve gone any slower . ” “ I know , honey , but all you have is one more appointment and then it should be time for him to come home . ”
I smiled thinking about that night and knowing that I ’d be with Galen , no restrictions or reservations , just me and him .
What I consented to at the airport was something I had never done or thought I would ever do in my life .
Galen brought out the spontaneity in me , along with an insatiable drive to make love to him .
I loved how exhilarating it felt .
“ Korinne ? ”
I snapped to attention at Rebecca ’s voice calling my name .
“ Honey , you need to stop that daydreaming and get on the road or you ’ll be late . ”
Looking swiftly down at my watch , I saw that I was closing in on my appointment time with a new client .
“ Damnit !
I better get going then . ”
Rebecca giggled and went back to her desk while I hastily gathered my things .
Thinking about Galen was going to interfere with my work if I did n’t watch it .
If he was there that week in the office I probably would n’t have gotten anything done .
Packing up my things , I headed out on my way .
The traffic was n’t too bad , so the drive to my client ’s house took less time than I expected .
At least I arrived ten minutes ahead of schedule .
The gated neighborhood was really nice and set around a golf course .
My parents would ’ve loved it there , since golf was their favorite thing to do .
I tried to learn how , but I never got the hang of it .
I pulled into the driveway and exited the car .
Sometimes I never knew what to expect with my clients , but I saw that I was in for a surprise when the door opened and …
“ Kori ? ”
Shocked into silence , I stared at what used to be one of my best friends in high school .
Melissa was one of the sweetest and down to earth friends I had back then .
She was still as beautiful as ever and looked exactly the same .
Her red , wavy hair hung past her shoulders and her eyes were still the greenest I ’d ever seen .
We used to have some fun times together , but then we slowly drifted apart when we went to separate colleges .
It was amazing how things like that changed .
“ Well , what do we have here ? ”
I squealed excitedly .
It was wonderful seeing her again .
She squealed right along with me and we tackled each other in hugs .
“ Korinne , I had no clue it was you coming !
I heard Korinne Anders was the best , but I did n’t know they were talking about you .
Come on in ! ”
She laughed while motioning me inside .
Her house was amazingly built , and it looked like she had just moved in from how vacant the main room was .
There did happen to be some lawn chairs scattered about inside , which I found kind of odd .
Glancing around the room , I thought I could hide my skeptical look , but I do n’t think I succeeded .
Melissa burst out laughing so I turned to look at her , curious to know what she found funny .
“ You used to have that same look back in the day when you were thinking about something too hard , ” she stated humorously .
I shrugged , still looking at all the surroundings .
“ Well , I ’ m just a little surprised that you have this huge house and not much in it except those lawn chairs over there , ” I pointed out and laughed .
“ See , that ’s the thing .
I used to have a lot in here , but after my cheating husband and I got divorced he took most of the things from inside .
The house was left to me , but I deserved it anyway after what he did to me .
I wanted him to take all of his shit from inside here . ” “ Wow , ” I said , flabbergasted .
“ We have a lot to catch up on do n’t we ? ”
She sighed .
“ Yes , we do . ” “ Tell me what you want and I ’ll see what I can come up with , ” I said to her while pointing around the vacant room .
Melissa took me through the house and gave me her ideas on what she would like and what I could do for her .
After everything was completed , I honestly believed that it was going to be one of my favorite projects .
Her ideas mixed with mine were going to make for a gorgeous house .
I looked forward to spending more time with her .
“ Now that business is taken care of , how about a glass of tea ? ”
Melissa offered .
“ Yes , thank you .
That would be great . ”
Melissa fetched us our tea and motioned for me to follow her .
We sat at the patio table on the back porch of her house while we soaked in the sun .
The cool , spring breeze was the perfect weather for a break outdoors .
That day had been perfect in general .
I ’d been reunited with one of my childhood friends and I was going to see the man I loved within just a few short hours .
“ How long have you been divorced ? ”
I asked her .
She furrowed her brows in concentration .
“ About a month now , I believe .
He had the gall to cheat on me with our neighbor .
Can you believe that ? ”
My eyes went wide in surprise .
“ Wow !
That is … something .
What a douche bag . ”
Melissa took a sip of her tea and nodded .
“ Tell me about it .
Well , after I caught him in bed with her it was game on . ” “ Did you know he was cheating ? ”
I asked curiously .
“ I had my speculations , so one day I decided to come home early from work just to see if I could catch him , and what do you know …
I did .
Talk about perfect timing . ”
Melissa was a firecracker in school , so I could only imagine what she did when she found out .
I moved closer to her , eager to hear the rest of the story .
“ What did you do when you found them ? ”
Her lips quirked at the corner and I knew very well what that quirk meant .
It was her devilish smirk , the smirk that said ‘ I do n’t take shit from anyone and you ’re going to pay ’ kind of smirk .
“ Well , I went around the side of the house and grabbed the water hose .
Our room was just off to the side of the first level so it was easy to reach the distance once I was inside .
It made me sick to hear their grunts and moans , but I busted down the door and sprayed them with ice cold water . ”
I placed a hand over my mouth to stifle the laugh that tried to escape .
Melissa was laughing , but I could see the hurt that still lingered in her eyes .
“ I ’ m so sorry , Melissa .
I know it ’s not funny , but I can just imagine how terrifying you must have been .
You have a temper just like me . ”
She gave a small laugh .
“ And that is why no one messed with us in high school .
Once I hosed them down , the whore ran straight out of the house bare - ass naked .
It was funny watching her run around shrieking .
Her husband was n’t too happy to see her running to their house with no clothes on though . ” “ Did they get divorced also ? ” “ Of course they did .
Her husband went hysterical and threw all of her stuff out in their front lawn .
Needless to say , it was the most excitement this neighborhood had seen in a long time .
All right , so enough about me and my disorganized life .
Tell me about you and what you ’ve been up to .
Are you married ?
Divorced ? ”
I took a sip of my tea before answering .
Melissa smiled and waited patiently for me to speak .
“ I was married , but he died several months ago , ” I told her .
Melissa gasped and covered her mouth with her hand .
“ Oh Korinne , I ’ m so sorry .
You do n’t have to talk about it if you do n’t want to . ”
I waved her off and grinned .
“ It ’s okay .
I like talking about Carson .
It used to hurt talking about him , but now I could n’t imagine not talking about him .
I miss him so much , but he ’ll always be in my heart . ” “ If you do n’t mind my asking , what happened ? ” “ He died in a car accident .
He had worked a load of extra hours at the hospital with no sleep .
It was something he liked to do and never minded it .
Being a doctor was his passion .
On his way home he fell asleep at the wheel and ran off into a ditch .
He died that same morning . ”
Tears welled up in Melissa ’s eyes as she reached for my hand .
“ If I would ’ve known I would have made sure to be there for you . ”
I smiled .
“ Oh I know you would have , but after he died I moved to Charleston for a while to stay with my parents .
I just moved back here a couple of months ago .
Not being able to handle the loss , I ran away , but at last I ’ m finally coming to terms with it . ” “ Well , you look like you ’re doing great .
You work for an amazing firm and you have a wonderful and creative gift . ”
Before she had the chance to continue my phone buzzed with an incoming text .
I looked down at the screen and my heart thrummed a million times over when I saw Galen ’s name pop up .
He was finally home !


Galen : Pack a bag .
You ’re staying with me for the rest of the week .


“ Ah , I would know that kind of smile from anywhere .
Do tell my friend , ” Melissa teased .
I quickly texted Galen back .


Me : I ’ m so glad you ’re back .
I ’ve missed you .
I ’ll see you in just a bit .


The goofy grin on my face had Melissa giggling and shaking her head .
I could n’t help but smile when I thought about Galen .
“ His name is Galen .
He ’s the owner of M&M . ” “ Oh wow !
Dating the boss man , huh ?
How did that happen ? ” “ I knew him in college .
We dated for a while , but then I transferred to another school .
I loved him then and I love him now .
After Carson died I thought I would be too afraid to love again , but Galen is just …
Galen .
I could n’t help but fall back in love with him .
It ’s scary to feel this way but I could n’t ignore what my heart was telling me .
He ’s my second chance at a new life . ” “ I ’ m happy for you , Korinne .
Maybe one day I ’ll have a second chance at love .
It ’ll be difficult to trust someone , but I guess I need to believe there is someone out there for me . ”
Squeezing her hand lightly , I looked into her bright green eyes with warmth and understanding .
I could see it in her gaze that she was lonely , but Melissa was strong and she would make it through this .
“ There is someone out there that will love you with all their heart and that will earn that trust you seek .
Everyone deserves a second chance , and your time will come .
I never thought I would get one , but I did , and he ’s the most amazing man I know . ”
Melissa stood and took our glasses .
“ Thank you .
I truly hope you ’re right . ” “ I ’ m always right , ” I teased .
“ You should know that . ”
We both laughed and said our good - byes .
Happy and excited , I left Melissa ’s house and headed home to pack a bag .
I had a lot of time to make up for with Galen and it was going to start that night .


“ Why do n’t you just move in with me ? ”
Galen whispered in my ear .
His arms felt warm and protective , wrapped tightly around my waist , holding me close , as we lay in bed .
I pretended to still be asleep , but I could n’t stop myself from smiling .
Ever since he came home from his business trip , I ’d been there every night .
The week he wanted me to stay there turned into two weeks , then three , and now the whole month .
The only times I ’d been to my condo had been to grab more of my things and leave .
He nudged me playfully in the side , but I ignored him , trying desperately not to laugh .
“ I know you ’re not asleep , Kori .
Why do n’t you answer me ? ”
I snickered into the pillow and turned my body so I could face him .
“ Because I like making you sweat . ”
I giggled .
He smiled , but then his expression changed .
“ I ’ m serious , ” he said while staring deeply into my eyes .
His fiery blue gaze conveyed all of his emotions in that one stare .
Love , passion , determination .
“ I want you with me , always .
You can easily break the lease on your condo . ” “ What would you say if I said no ? ”
I asked curiously .
Shrugging his shoulder , he let out a sigh .
“ I guess I would have to respect your decision .
Why , are you saying no ? ”
I ignored the question and continued on .
“ What would you say if I said yes ? ”
He narrowed his eyes at me and grinned , knowing full well what game I was playing .
“ Then I would have to say that you were the luckiest woman on earth , ” he taunted playfully .
He stifled a laugh when I hit him in the arm .
“ So are you saying yes ? ” he asked , sounding hopeful .
“ Of course I ’ m saying yes , goofball .
I would love to move in with you , but I do disagree with you about one thing . ” “ What would that be might I ask ? ” he added .
“ I think it would make you the luckiest man on earth if I moved in here , ” I countered back .
“ I believe you may be right , ” he acknowledged .
Galen took my lips and caressed them with his own , all loving and possessive … claiming .
“ You ’re mine , ” he said with complete conviction .
The husky tone of his voice and the possessive look in his eyes said that he ’d never let me go , even without him saying the words .
I did n’t want him to .
“ You will always be mine . ” “ Yes , I will , ” I promised whole - heartedly .
The rays from the morning sun began to peep through the blinds making me squint from the brightness .
It was going to be another beautiful spring day , so I asked , “ What do you want to do today ? ”
He smiled wickedly at me and confessed , “ Well …
I know it ’s a Saturday , but we have to do some work today . ”
I began to groan , but he put a finger to my lips .
“ You did n’t let me finish .
Anyway , I thought we could make the experience a little more enjoyable and discuss things over a picnic . ” “ That would be great !
It ’ll be like old times , ” I squealed happily .
“ Yes , I know , ” he agreed .
“ I wanted to bring back all those fun memories we had together . ” “ Do you remember the time you locked the keys in Big Blue and it started to rain ? ”
I asked softly .
That moment in time had been branded in my mind .
Galen let out a breath and ran a finger down the side of my cheek .
His warm breath tickled my face when he spoke .
“ How could I forget , love ?
That fateful day in the rain was the first time I told you I loved you , ” he kissed me tenderly before continuing with his thought , “ and then we made love in that rain . ”
With a twinkle in his eye , he pulled back to smile at me , and I could see that the playful Galen was back .
“ Maybe it ’ll rain today .
Would n’t it be fun to make love in the rain again ? ”
He wiggled his eyebrows and hopped out of bed .
“ Where are you going ? ”
I pouted , pursing my lips .
“ I need to make the picnic while you get ready .
It takes you a lot longer to get dressed than it takes me . ”
Throwing a pillow at him , he ducked successfully and dodged it .
“ It ’s the truth !
Now hurry so we can go . ” “ Fine ! ”
I gave in .
Even though we had to work , it would still be fun having our picnic .
Thirty minutes later I was dressed and ready to leave .
Walking outside , I could see that Galen had already packed and loaded everything up into Big Blue .
“ Come on slow poke ! ”
Galen called out .
Rolling my eyes at him , I casually strode over to the truck .
He opened the door for me and kissed my cheek before I got in .
It was the little things like that , that got my heart racing .
“ So exactly where are we going for this picnic ? ”
Galen smiled mischievously at me and winked .
“ It ’s a surprise , but I have to warn you , it ’s about an hour and forty - five minutes away from here . ”
I jerked my head around to look at him incredulously .
“ Wow !
You know we could have just had a picnic in your back yard .
You have an amazing setup out there with a great view of the lake . ”
Galen shrugged and started up the old truck .
“ I know , but you ’ll understand why when we get there .
You ’re just going to have to trust me . ”
I was intrigued and unfortunately I had no clue what Galen had up his sleeve .
Once we got on the road , I could tell from the direction we were going that we were probably headed for the mountains .
Galen knew that anywhere in the mountains was my slice of heaven .
There was just something about them that called to me and brought me peace .
“ Do you know where we ’re going yet ? ”
Galen inquired .
I shook my head .
“ Maybe not the exact location , but it looks like we ’re headed to the mountains .
Am I right ? ” “ You are , babe .
We ’re not that far away now , only about thirty miles . ”
At that moment , his phone buzzed in the center console .
“ Do you mind getting that for me ? ”
I reached inside the console and pulled out his phone .
“ Who is Jacob Harrington ? ”
I asked .
Galen ’s eyes went wide and he grabbed the phone from me .
“ He ’s with the Denver deal .
I assumed when I never heard back from them that they did n’t like what I had to offer . ”
The phone kept ringing and I stared at him wide - eyed , waiting on him to answer it .
“ Answer it , Galen , ” I said impatiently .
He finally answered it and I sat there frozen , watching every single change in his expressions .
So far so good , I thought .
When he hung up the phone his face was blank , so I had no clue if they wanted to use our company or not .
“ Well ? ”
I asked .
He looked over at me and the huge grin that formed on his face said it all .
“ They accepted ! ”
I squealed and clapped with excitement .
“ What happens now ? ”
I asked cheerfully .
He shook his head .
“ Nothing much just yet , but with us expanding our business to the west — ” “ Will get us more known around the United States instead of just on the east coast , ” I finished for him .
“ Exactly , ” he said , grinning widely .
“ This will be great for the company , and for our future . ”
Galen grabbed my hand and we enjoyed the rest of the ride in silence .
We were both excited about the call , and I knew Galen was floating on air about it .
I knew he was going to be dying to tell everyone as soon as he could .
It was n’t long before the thirty miles quickly passed us by and we reached our destination .
We were in the middle of nowhere with nothing and no one for miles and miles away .
The view was absolutely stunning , and I had to commend Galen for picking what had to be the best picnic spot ever .
“ We ’re here ! ”
Galen shouted .
He smiled and patted my leg before exiting the car .
I followed suit , but I felt a little wary being on that land .
What if it belonged to someone and we got arrested for trespassing .
“ We ’re not trespassing , are we ? ”
I cringed while speaking the words .
“ I do n’t want to go to jail you know . ”
Galen huffed and rolled his eyes .
“ Korinne , stop worrying .
We ’ll be fine I promise .
Are you hungry ? ” “ Starving , ” I replied , rubbing my stomach .
Galen began to pull everything out from the truck .
“ If you give me a few minutes I ’ll have everything set up .
If you walk a little ways down that path , you ’ll get a view of the waterfalls . ” “ Really ? ”
I shrieked excitedly .
He laughed .
“ Yes , really , so go look at them while I get our food out . ” “ If I did n’t know any better I would say you were trying to get rid of me for a while . ”
I narrowed my eyes at him , but he smiled his boyish smile , letting that cute little dimple win me over .
He waved me off , so in return I rolled my eyes at him and stomped along the path toward the falls .
Something was n’t right with him .
He was acting too strange .
The smile on his face was one of excitement , but also the same smile he ’d give when he knew something I did n’t .
He could be such a sneaky bastard sometimes , but I loved that about him .
Walking down the path , I was surprised that I could already hear the vibrant sound of the waterfalls up ahead .
How did Galen know about this land ?
It could n’t have been easy to find .
The smell of pine engulfed me and I breathed it in deeply .
Some people liked chamomile to soothe them , but I always chose the pine scent .
This land reminded me of a painting .
Maybe I would bring Jenna out here one day so she could capture it on canvas .
She would know how to capture it perfectly .
The wild flowers that decorated the ground , along with the magical feel of the land , reminded me of a fairy tale .
This was the kind of place I ’d want to live .
It was hidden and nestled away from every day city life .
An opening in the foliage lay ahead , and the sounds of the falls became even louder .
When I finally got there my body froze of its own accord , and I knew for a second that I had forgotten to breathe .
The waterfalls were absolutely magnificent .
There were three different sets of them , one leading down to the other .
This was much better than hiking the trails with a bunch of strangers .
It was hard to enjoy the nature and beauty of such a thing when there were a ton of people milling about .
“ I knew you would like it , ” Galen spoke from behind me .
He startled me and I jumped in surprise , placing my hand over my chest .
“ How did you know about this place ? ”
I asked , breathing hard from excitement .
Galen smirked and shrugged his shoulder .
“ I have my ways . ” “ You ’re being awfully cryptic , ” I confessed darkly .
“ What ’s going on ? ”
I tried putting on a serious face while crossing my arms across my chest .
He looked me up and down and laughed .
“ Come on , let ’s get to work and eat our lunch . ”
I huffed in annoyance .
“ Fine , do n’t tell me anything , but you know how I have a knack for finding things out .
You wo n’t be able to keep a secret from me for long . ” “ I ’ m well aware of that , ” he teased .
“ You ’ll find everything out soon enough . ”
Taking my hand , Galen led me back up the path to our awaiting picnic .
The spread lay out before us looked delicious .
He brought wine , cheese , fruit , and of course he could n’t forget his favorite … peanut butter and jelly sandwiches .
After looking at the expression on my face he said , “ I could n’t help it .
You know it ’s my favorite . ” “ I know , ” I teased .
Sitting on the blanket , Galen poured me a glass of wine and handed over the plate with the cheeses and fruit .
“ Are you ready to get to work ? ” he asked .
I groaned and took a huge gulp of wine .
“ I ca n’t believe you ’re making me work on a Saturday . ” “ Well , it ’s technically just me working , but since you tagged along you might as well help me . ” “ Lucky me , ” I mumbled to myself .
“ I heard that ! ”
Galen laughed .
Off to the side of the blanket , Galen had a pile of blueprints .
“ Please tell me you ’re not going to have to work on every single one of those blueprints , ” I griped , pointing to the pile .
“ No , ” Galen replied shaking his head .
“ But there is one layout I do want your opinion on . ”
I usually never did anything with the layouts , but I loved looking at them .
One day I would design my own floor plan .
“ Which one of these do you need to work on first ? ”
I offered .
Galen narrowed his eyes and studied the pile .
While he contemplated , I stuffed a couple of grapes in my mouth , waiting on his answer .
“ Hmm …
I believe it ’s the one with the red tag taped around the top . ”
Peering down at the pile , I spotted the one with the red tag and grabbed it .
“ I got it ! ”
I said sarcastically .
Grasping it , I handed it over to Galen , but not before my eyes landed on something shiny and sparkly holding the blueprint together .
I blinked several times to see if maybe I was imagining what I was looking at .
“ It ’s real , Korinne , ” Galen stated calmly .
Shock and awe took over me as I stared bewildered at the shiny diamond ring that twinkled in the sun .
My insides were screaming with joy and my heart felt like it was about to pop out of my chest .
Was this really happening ?
I thought .
Galen gently pried the scroll of paper from my grasp and slid the ring down until it landed in his hand .
There were no words that formed in my mouth as I sat there , waiting patiently for him to speak again .
Galen moved closer and took my left hand into his .
He looked down at my shaking hand and smiled .
“ Korinne , ” he began .
Galen lifted his watery gaze and my heart melted in that instant .
The strong and determined Galen never cried , so seeing him like that , showing his vulnerable side , meant everything in the world to me .
It showed me how much he cared about me .
“ I love you so much , Korinne , and I want you with me always .
You have no idea how many times I ’ve prayed , thanking God that you came back into my life . ”
Galen took his free hand and gently wiped away the tears that began to fall like rivers down my cheeks .
“ Please tell me you ’re going to spend the rest of your life with me .
I want you to be my wife , Korinne .
I want to love you and only you for the rest of my life . ”
He slid the exquisite diamond ring on my finger and looked expectantly into my eyes .
“ Please say you ’ll marry me . ”
He waited patiently for an answer , but my emotions got the better of me and I found myself tackling him on the blanket , screaming and laughing the whole way .
He barked out a laugh .
“ Is this a yes ? ” “ Yes ! ”
I screamed .
“ Are you crazy ?
How could I say no ? ”
He held me by the hips as I straddled his body , looking down at him .
“ Did you think I would turn you down ? ”
I asked .
“ I did n’t know how you would take it , ” he uttered honestly .
“ But I knew years ago that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you .
When you left , I still never gave up hope , not even when I found out you had gotten married . ”
Bending down slowly , I kissed him long and hard , an urgent need to claim him as my own overtook my senses .
Breathing heavily , I pulled back from the kiss and gazed into Galen ’s crystal blue eyes .
“ I love you , Galen , ” I cried .
“ And I want nothing more than to be your wife and to make you happy . ”
His smile quickly disappeared as he swiftly wrapped his arms around my back , pulling me tight against him .
His lips claimed mine , his tongue demanding as he entered my mouth , tasting me as if he could n’t get enough .
He flipped me onto my back gently , pressing me into the plush blanket and the soft expanse of the green grass below .
He spread my legs apart with his knee and settled himself in between them .
His bulging cock was hard and ready , pressed against my core .
“ I want to make love to you . ”
Galen groaned as he placed kisses along my neck .
I sighed in contentment as he rubbed his hard and pulsating groin up and down between my legs turning me on and making me scream with pleasure .
“ Then make love to me . ”
I moaned in anticipation .
I did n’t care if we were outdoors , I needed him right then and there .
Galen quickly took me up on my offer , removing my shirt and bra in a single instant .
The second they were gone , he took my nipple into his mouth and sucked hard while massaging my other breast .
The tingling built from just his mouth and tongue devouring my breasts , and it was n’t long before the release hit me hard and fast .
Galen gave a seductive laugh and looked at me as if he triumphed .
“ I love that I can do that to you , ” he teased .
“ Me too , ” I whispered breathlessly .
Galen stood and removed his shirt , pants , and boxers .
Just looking at his long and rigid penis made me ache to have him thrusting and filling me up inside .
Impatient , I began unzipping my pants and Galen bent down to help remove them .
Moving my legs apart , I invited him in .
He ran his hands down my legs and up my body until he reached my breasts .
Galen moved closer , until the tip of his cock was pressed firmly against my opening .
He trailed kisses along my jawline , down to my breasts , and then sucked gently on a nipple as he began to slowly push into my opening .
I arched my back and moaned as he ran his hands all over my body while he pumped into me , filling me to the hilt .
“ Damn , Korinne , you ’re so wet . ”
I loved it when he said stuff like that .
Moving my hips with his thrusts , I wrapped my legs around his waist and drew him in tighter , willing him to push deeper .
His movements became more frantic and he wrapped him arms tighter around my body , crushing me to him .
The tingling of another orgasm was building , until I knew it was about to rack my body with its pleasure .
Galen ’s stiff cock penetrated me with need and desire , but I could tell he was slowly losing control .
Only when I felt him pulsing inside of me did I let my release come .
I rode the wave of ecstasy while he gave those last and final thrusts .
His body jerked a couple of times before he relaxed and let out a sigh of contentment .
Breathing hard and slick with sweat , we both lay together on the blanket , still joined … one .
Galen kissed me gently before he pulled out and settled his body beside mine .
“ I think I could get used to this . ”
He sighed huskily while trailing a finger over my bare stomach .
“ I could , too , ” I agreed .
“ Just think , we ’ll be able to do this every day . ”
I looked around at the mountains surrounding us , and I could n’t help but think how it was purely a slice of heaven .
“ It ’s just a shame it ca n’t always be here in this spot , ” I said .
Galen ’s finger caresses stopped mid - motion , and I glanced over at him to see that devilish smile of his again .
Sitting up , he grabbed a blanket to place around my nude body .
“ What would you say if we could do it here always ? ”
I narrowed my eyes at him in question .
“ I do n’t understand .
What are you talking about ? ”
Galen grabbed the rolled up blueprint and laid it out in front of me .
“ I want you to take a look at this and tell me what you think . ”
I looked down at the sketch , but I noticed that it was n’t finished yet .
The layout was nowhere near completed .
“ What is this , Galen ? ”
He tapped his finger down on the blueprint .
“ This , my love , is the first layout stage of our cabin . ” “ What ? ! ”
I screamed excitedly , peering at him with wide , shocked eyes .
He let out a genuine laugh .
“ You ’ve always wanted to live here in the mountains and have your own cabin .
Well , this is my gift to you .
I want you to help me finish designing the floor plan . ”
He cringed when I squealed and tackled him across the blanket .
Exasperated and excited , I could n’t stop the smile that took over my face .
I wrapped my arms around him and held him tight while the excitement bubbled over .
“ I knew you would be excited , but I did n’t think you would be this excited , ” he grunted from me squeezing him tight .
“ Are you kidding ?
I could run around here naked I ’ m so excited . ”
Galen shrugged .
“ I do n’t see why not .
It ’s our land anyway , so you can do whatever you want to here . ”
If I was shocked before , I was even more shocked now .
My eyes went wide as the realization of what he just said hit me .
How many more surprises was he going to throw my way ?
“ This is our land ? ”
I asked , mesmerized and not completely sure if I heard him right .
Could this beautiful place actually be mine ?
My hands began to shake as the excitement took over my body .
Galen caught my face in his hands and kissed me soothingly to calm me down .
I closed my eyes , taking in a deep breath and whispered , “ Is this real ?
Are you even real ? ”
His chest rumbled with laughter as he tilted my face up .
“ Open your eyes , love . ”
I did as he said and gazed at him .
“ This is the life you dreamed of and I ’ m going to give it to you . ”
He took my hand and kissed it .
Galen may be fun , adventurous , and a complete alpha male , but he could also be gentle and caring .
I loved that he could be all of those things and also have the biggest heart of anyone I knew .
“ Once we get the floor plan finished we can start building , ” he told me .
“ How will we live here with our work mainly in Charlotte ? ” “ Well … it might take a while before we can live here permanently , but at least we ’ll have our own haven away from the city life .
We can come up here as much as you want , ” he amended .
“ That sounds good to me . ”
I laid down on the blanket and a wave of exhaustion washed over me .
Galen laughed when I stifled a yawn .
“ I did n’t realize I was boring you , ” he teased .
“ Oh hush !
I think with all the excitement it ’s worn me out , or … it could be all of those long nights , ” I chided with a wink .
Galen put on his clothes and gathered mine to hand them to me .
“ How about we head home and stay in for the night ?
I ’ll cook you dinner and then we can watch a movie .
You can even watch your favorite if you want to . ” “ That would be wonderful , but I think you should pick the movie tonight .
I think you ’ve let me choose the past few times . ” “ I have , have n’t I ?
Well , get dressed while I load the truck and we ’ll be on our way . ”
After getting dressed and the truck was loaded , I took one final look at the place I ’d soon be able to call my home .
The ring on my finger glistened in the sun , and then the realization dawned on me .
One day soon I was no longer going to be Korinne Anders , but …
Korinne Matthews instead .
That day could n’t come soon enough .
Chapter Sixteen


“ Welcome back lovebirds , ” Rebecca announced .
Galen and I looked at each other and smiled .
We had just gotten back from our honeymoon to the Virgin Islands two days ago , and now we were back at work .
“ It ’s good to see you , Rebecca , ” I greeted her warmly .
“ I hope you kept everyone in line while we were gone ? ”
Waving me off , she scoffed .
“ The people here know they better listen to me .
You have nothing to worry about Mrs . Matthews . ”
Galen pulled me close and whispered in my ear , “ I really love the sound of that …
Mrs .
Matthews . ”
I giggled .
“ Well , get used to it because you ’ll be hearing it a lot . ” “ How was the honeymoon ?
What did you guys do ? ”
Rebecca asked eagerly .
“ We went snorkeling , ” Galen mentioned off the top of his head .
“ Oh , and do n’t forget the deep - sea fishing , ” I quipped sarcastically .
From the expression on Galen ’s face , I knew he was picturing the way I looked on that boat in his head .
We had to cut the fishing trip short because I could n’t handle it anymore .
Galen turned to Rebecca and chuckled .
“ Yeah , Korinne here could n’t handle the ocean .
The poor thing looked green the whole time , so we had to go back to shore to let her off . ” “ Yeah , and I remember your precise words , ‘ Look at the horizon ’ you kept telling me .
Looking at the horizon did n’t do a damn bit of good for me ! ”
I snapped .
“ I had never been so sick in my life ! ”
I turned back to Rebecca .
“ Other than that fiasco , we had a great time .
We relaxed on the beach and ate tons and tons of food .
I got sick a few times , but I think it was the aftershocks of the boat .
I have n’t felt right since . ” “ Well , I ’ m glad you two had a good time .
Oh , and by the way , the wedding was beautiful .
Korinne , you looked amazing , ” she mentioned sweetly .
“ Thank you . ” “ I had never been to the gardens before , but I ’ve seen numerous pictures of that place .
The flowers were so beautiful , and you did n’t even have to buy them since they were already there for decoration , but all I can say is that you two were breathtaking .
I think the newspaper had a field day with it , too , ” Rebecca added .
“ Yeah , we saw that when we were at the airport .
I did n’t realize I was such a hot commodity around here , ” Galen teased while nudging me in the arm .
“ Well , not anymore !
You ’re a married man now .
Here are your messages from the past week .
You both have a lot of catching up to do . ”
Rebecca handed us our messages and I thumbed through mine .
It looked like I had some new clients to call .
“ I guess we need to get to work , ” Galen said enthusiastically while opening the door to the office .
I had never seen anyone more passionate or in love with their job than Galen was with his .
It was hard to find people that actually enjoyed what they did .
“ I agree .
I have a ton of people to call , ” I said .


All my phone calls had been made by lunch time .
I could barely keep my eyes open , and for the past two hours I ’d been eyeing the couch in our office .
Galen glanced over at me and said , “ I have a lunch meeting to go to , babe .
Do you want to come with me ? ”
I was honestly not hungry at that moment , but a nap sure did sound appetizing .
Shaking my head , I strode over to the couch .
“ Actually , I think I ’ll stay here and take a nap .
I feel exhausted , ” I stammered wearily .
Laying my head down on the soft pillow , Galen came over to make sure I was all right , concern etched on his handsome face .
“ Are you going to be okay ?
Do you need me to take you home ? ” “ No , you go to your meeting .
I ’ll be fine once I take a nap , ” I assured him .
Galen did n’t look like he believed me , but he let it go .
I was so thankful he was brought back into my life .
To that day Jenna still took all the credit for us getting together .
“ I ’ll be back in two hours , ” he stated , brushing his lips across my cheek before he silently left the office .
It was n’t long after he left that I fell into a deep sleep , remembering one of the best days of my life .


“ You look amazing , love , ” Galen whispers softly to me while we danced to our wedding song .
“ How does it feel to be Mrs . Galen Matthews now ? ” “ It feels amazing , ” I say , completely mesmerized by the man that I can now call my husband .
“ I never would have thought that knowing you back in college would have led to this day . ” “ It was fate , Korinne .
Our time was n’t then , but it is now .
Just think of all the things we ’re going to do together .
Especially tonight … ” he teases , wiggling his eyebrows .
“ Oh yeah , I have some good news . ” “ What ? ”
I ask excitedly .
“ We just got the go ahead to start building our cabin .
The delay is finally over so once we get back from our honeymoon I ’ll send the builders our floor plan , ” he reveals happily .
Excited , I jump up and down in his arms .
“ Oh my goodness , Galen , it ’s all coming together so perfectly . ”
Galen holds me tight and kisses me tenderly .
His blue eyes stare mesmerizingly into mine , making me melt with his gaze .
I have a feeling his stare will always make me feel like that , even when we ’re eighty years old .
He smiles at me , but before our dance is over he whispers in my ear the words that I will never forget as long as I live .
“ Today , when you said ‘ I do ’ , my life finally felt complete .
We got our second chance at love , Korinne , and from this day forward you will always be mine .
Always and forever mine . ”


Hands had begun to rock my shoulders , which in turn woke me from my glorious dream .
Damnit !
I did n’t even get to the wedding sex yet .
“ Why do you look so disappointed ? ”
Galen asked , laughing .
Running my hands through my hair , I straightened up from the couch .
“ Because I was dreaming about our wedding day and I had n’t even gotten to the good parts yet . ”
Galen chuckled .
“ I ’ m sure we can recreate our wedding night when we get home .
How about we go and get some dinner first ? ” “ Did n’t you just have a lunch meeting ? ”
Galen looked at me like I ’d lost my mind , and then down at his watch .
“ Umm …
Korinne , that was over four hours ago .
You were still asleep when I got back and I did n’t want to wake you . ”
I rubbed my eyes , wishing they did n’t feel so heavy .
“ Oh wow , food sounds great .
I ca n’t believe I slept so long .
Not eating lunch was a bad idea because now I ’ m starving . ” “ Does sushi sound good ? ”
Galen suggested with a twinkle in his eye .
That look meant that he really wanted it .
“ Sounds great , ” I agreed .
Sushi did sound pretty good at that moment .
Chapter Seventeen


“ Oh , what the hell ! ”
Korinne groaned .
She fumbled out of the bed and ran to the bathroom .
She slammed the door and I could hear her heaving over the toilet .
Oh no !
I hope she did n’t get food poisoning from the sushi .
We ate the same thing , so if it was food poisoning I should be feeling the effects too , but I was n’t .
“ Baby , are you okay ? ”
I murmured outside the door .
“ Yeah , ” she sputtered .
Her voice sounded weak and unsure .
“ Do you think it was the sushi , or maybe the stomach flu or something ? ” “ I ’ m not sure , but all I know is that I feel terrible .
I have n’t been this sick in years . ” “ I ’ll get you a Coke and some crackers , maybe that ’ll settle your stomach . ”
When I came back from the kitchen she was laying back in bed .
I used my free hand to touch her forehead and her cheeks .
She did n’t feel feverish and her coloring looked normal , so it probably was n’t the stomach flu .
I guess it must have been the sushi .
She peered up at me with sad , puppy dog eyes .
“ This sucks , ” she whimpered .
“ I know it does , love .
You just need to rest and take it easy .
I ’ve had food poisoning before and it sucks ass .
If you ’re still sick in the morning I ’ll call your clients and have your meetings rescheduled .
Does that sound okay ? ”
I questioned softly .
A small smile splayed across her face while a tear escaped the corner of her eye .
Before I could ask what was wrong , she spoke .
“ Why are you so amazing ?
I do n’t see how I could have ever left you all those years ago , ” she murmured weakly .
Brushing the hair from her face , I stared into her gorgeous gray eyes with understanding .
“ You had to , Kori , but we ’re here together now and that ’s all that matters . ”
She blinked sluggishly and I could tell she was about to fall back asleep .
“ I know .
I just want you to know that I still thought about you . ”
Her eyes began to droop , and it was only a matter of seconds before she was sound asleep .
I pulled the covers snugly around her and I left her to rest .
The phone rang the second I closed the bedroom door , so I rushed down the hall to answer it before it woke Korinne up .
“ Hello , ” I grumbled impatiently .
“ I see you ’ve woken up on the wrong side of the bed this morning , ” a sarcastic voice said .
I laughed into the phone when I realized it was Jenna .
Her obnoxious snickering gave her away .
“ I did n’t , but Korinne did , ” I informed her .
“ Is she okay ? ”
Jenna asked with concern clear in her voice .
She was like a mother hen when it came to Korinne .
“ I think she has food poisoning , but she ’s asleep right now .
If you ’re calling to talk to her I can tell her to call you when she wakes up .
I know she ’s going to be dying to tell you all about the honeymoon . ”
Jenna gasped with enthusiasm .
“ I bet you guys had a wonderful time .
I ca n’t wait to hear more about it . ” “ You ’ll definitely get a good laugh over a few things I ’ m sure . ”
I chuckled .
“ With you two there ’s no telling what kind of crazy stuff I ’ m going to hear .
The actual reason why I ’ m calling is to tell you the painting that you asked for is done .
I know it ’s taken a while , and I ’ m sorry , but I had a huge request come in from a gallery in New York wanting my work .
I could n’t say no to that . ” “ That ’s amazing !
Congratulations about New York .
You have nothing to worry about .
I actually think the painting would be the perfect anniversary gift .
We still have a while until then , but do you mind holding on to it ?
Korinne has a habit of always finding things , and I know she ’ll find the painting if I hide it here . ” “ That ’s no problem at all .
Yes , I know how Korinne is .
Do you remember how we tried to have a surprise party for her that one time and she found out ?
I still do n’t know how she figured it out , ” she uttered .
“ Me neither .
It must be her super sleuthing skills .
I swear she could have been the perfect private investigator , ” I stated honestly .
“ I know , right !
She always knew who was doing what and who was cheating on whom in school .
It ’s kept things interesting that ’s for sure .
Well , I guess I ’ll let you get back to our favorite girl .
Let her know I called and that I ’ m thinking about her . ” “ Will do , and tell that worthless husband of yours I said hey , ” I told her .
“ I ’ll be sure to tell him that , ” she joked before hanging up .
I could n’t wait to see the painting that Jenna had done for me .
I hated to wait until our anniversary , but it just seemed fitting to do it that way .
Korinne was going to love it when the time came .


I heard the door open to the garage before I saw her .
“ What are you doing ? ”
Korinne asked .
It took a second for her to come into view from around the car .
Her eyes went wide and she reigned in her laugh when she saw me covered head to toe in oil and grease .
“ Wow .
You look a little … um … dirty . ”
She grinned weakly .
“ How are you feeling ? ”
I asked her while I finished safety wiring the drain plug to my motorcycle .
Changing the oil could be a bitch , but I had always enjoyed working on my bikes .
Korinne squatted down to look at all the tools I had scattered across the floor .
“ I ’ m doing better , but I ’ m still really nauseous . ”
Her eyes strayed to the bike hesitantly before she continued to speak again .
“ I did n’t know you could work on motorcycles .
When did you start riding ?
You do n’t talk about it much other than the time you told me you broke your leg riding in the snow . ” “ If I ’ m not mistaken , it ’s been about five years ago .
The only time I could relax and get away from life was when I was riding .
When my dad died , I left for a while .
I took off and did n’t look back . ”
I paused to take in her reaction , and she was staring at me with her mouth wide open .
“ Why do you look so shocked ? ”
I asked , laughing .
Korinne shrugged .
“ I guess because you seem so invincible , like nothing can bring you down .
You do n’t take me for the running away type . ” “ That ’s how I appear , Kori , but deep down I hurt just like anyone else .
I left because I knew the weight of the firm would be on my shoulders .
It was a lot to take in , so I packed a bag and let the road lead me away .
I rode for days until I knew that I could stay away no longer .
My mother needed me and so did the firm .
Even though I love what I do , it felt good to have that freedom and to not think of the burdens that awaited for me here . ” “ I ca n’t believe you never told me any of this .
I know it hurt losing him .
You used to tell me all about your fishing trips with him when you were a boy and how much fun you had .
I never did anything like that with my father , so it was nice hearing you talk about him .
Just know you can talk to me about anything .
We are married , you know ? ”
The hurt in Korinne ’s voice was apparent , so I pulled her to me even though I was covered in grease .
“ I did n’t keep it from you on purpose , babe .
It was a part of my life where I let the pain take over .
The hurt I caused my mother with running away is something I regret every day of my life .
She needed me and I left . ” “ Your mother adores you .
I ’ m sure she understood your reasoning , ” she offered politely .
I released her , and she gazed up at me with a sad expression on her face .
“ She keeps asking when we ’re going to have kids .
I have n’t told her yet that we ’ll probably have to adopt . ” “ I ’ m sure she ’ll be perfectly happy with our choice .
As long as we ’re happy , there ’s nothing else that matters , right ? ” “ That ’s right , ” Korinne mumbled weakly .
She started to sway on her feet , but I caught her before she stumbled .
“ Whew … that was a close call , ” she gasped .
“ Babe , you ’re scaring me .
Maybe you need to go to the doctor .
You ’re not acting right . ” “ No , I ’ m okay I promise .
It ’s just I have n’t eaten , but I ’ m too nauseous to eat .
I ’ll throw it up if I do . ”
She leaned against me , so I wrapped my arms around her waist and guided her back inside .
“ It ’s really important that you eat something .
If all else fails , you need to keep drinking fluids .
Let me see if I have any medicine that ’ll help , and if not then I ’ll go get you some from the pharmacy . ”
Picking Korinne up , I carried her down the hallway to the bedroom .
I laid her down on the bed and pulled the covers over her .
“ I ca n’t stand feeling like this .
Never again am I eating sushi , ” she groaned .
Korinne smiled up at me , but I could tell it was forced .
I grabbed the Coke and crackers from the bedside table and handed them to her .
“ Drink some of this , and when I come back from the kitchen I want one of these crackers to be gone . ”
Korinne grabbed my hand before I could go .
“ Thank you for taking care of me . ”
Squeezing her hand , I glared down at the crackers and then back up to her .
“ I ’ll always take care of you , love , but I ’ m serious .
You better have eaten one of these crackers by the time I come back . ” “ Yes , sir , ” she saluted in a mocking way .
I could hear her crunching away on a cracker as I descended down the hall to the kitchen .
Looking through the cabinets , I could n’t find anything that would settle her stomach .
Normally , I did n’t have issues with mine so it was rare if I kept anything on hand for it .
By the time I made it to the bedroom , Korinne had already eaten three crackers .
“ There ’s not any medication here for an upset stomach or nausea , so I ’ m going to run out and get you something from the pharmacy .
I thought I might have had some here . ” “ Galen , you do n’t have to do that .
I ’ m sure I ’ll be fine in just a little bit , ” she assured me .
“ Maybe , ” I agreed .
“ But if not , I want something here that ’ll help you .
I ca n’t have you throwing up all night , can I ?
You might ruin the sheets , ” I added jokingly .
This earned me a genuine smile from her and a gentle laugh .
I hated seeing her so weak and sick .
“ Be careful , ” she said as I leaned down to kiss her forehead .
“ Always , babe .
I ’ll be back shortly . ”
She sighed .
“ I ’ll be here . ”
Shutting the bedroom door , I headed back out to the garage .
This would be the perfect time to take the bike out for one last ride .
I had n’t mentioned to Korinne that I planned on getting rid of my bikes , but I was sure she ’d be extremely happy when she found out .
I never rode them anymore anyway , and now that I had Korinne I did n’t think I ’d have much time to ride .
The sound of revving the bike was a sound I would surely miss , along with the freedom of flying down the road .
The adrenaline I got from riding brought a different kind of excitement that I would n’t be able to get from anything else .
Safety was the key with riding , so I put on my leather jacket , riding boots , gloves , and of course the full face helmet .
Hopping on my bike , I lowered the visor and headed off down the road .
The rain clouds seemed to be moving in , but it looked like I still had a little bit more time before it started pouring .
When I got to the pharmacy , all eyes turned to me .
I laughed to myself , knowing full well I looked like a bum in my grease covered clothes carrying in my motorcycle helmet .
A lady actually moved away from me as I stood in line at the counter .
She lifted her nose like I was beneath her .
I could never stand bitches like that , or people for that matter .
I made a ton of money , but I would never act like that to someone else .
I was tempted to lightly bump into her to see if she would freak out , but I refrained from it even though it would have been funny as hell .
As soon as I walked out of the pharmacy , the rain began to fall .
I groaned in annoyance because I should have known better than to ride when it looked like rain , but there was nothing I could do about it then .
I put the meds in the seat compartment to keep them dry before I started up the bike .
The rain poured down heavier as soon as I headed on my way .
It felt like tiny pellets beating down on my body .
My instincts were telling me to pull over and wait it out , but my heart was guiding me in the direction of home so I could get the meds to Korinne .
The rain made it hard to see , but I knew I was almost home .
The second I saw the car pull out in front of me was the second I knew I was never going to make it home .
Thoughts of Korinne flashed through my mind before the world turned to gray and then faded to black …
Chapter Eighteen


When I woke up from my nap , I could see through the window that the sun was just then setting .
Looking over at the clock , I noticed it was seven - thirty .
How could that be ?
Galen had been gone for hours and I had n’t heard him come in .
What the hell , I thought .
Where was he ?
“ Galen ? ”
I called out , hoping that he was there .
There was no sound coming from the house other than the tinkling of water , which was dripping out of the bathroom faucet .
When I heard no reply , I stumbled out of bed , shaky at first .
I searched through the house , room by room .
The rooms were all empty , so I went to the kitchen and entered the garage through there .
All of the cars were there except that dreaded motorcycle Galen was working on earlier .
My instincts were telling me something was wrong .
Rushing to the bedroom , I searched frantically for my phone .
It was n’t like Galen to stay gone like that .
He would ’ve told me if he was going to be gone that long .
As far as I knew he was only going to go to the pharmacy and pick up some medicine for my nausea .
My cell phone was on the dresser , hidden behind the lamp , and when I snatched it up I saw that the damn thing was dead .
“ Shit ! ”
I screamed out .
What if Galen needed my help and here I was sleeping the whole afternoon away .
I grabbed the phone charger and plugged it up , in hopes that there would be a text from him letting me know he was all right .
If not I was going to call him and demand to know where he was .
I did n’t want to come off as pushy or overprotective , but he had to know that I worried over stuff like that , especially after losing Carson .
Before I could turn on my phone , the doorbell rang .
I laughed out loud thinking that it was probably Galen from locking himself out of the house .
He had a tendency to lose his keys at times , and I was always the one who found them .
When I opened the door , I was shocked to see that it was n’t Galen … but Jenna .
“ Oh my goodness !
Twink , what are you doing here ? ”
I said while flinging my arms around her neck .
When Jenna hesitated , I pulled back to see not happiness on her face , but horror and confusion .
Confused and terrified myself , I stepped away from her and asked hesitantly , “ Twink , what ’s wrong ?
Why do you look like that ? ”
Jenna swallowed hard and her eyes began to water .
Something was wrong and I could feel it in my blood .
My heart began to beat rapidly while the feeling of doom started to take presence in my chest , making it tight and hard to breathe .
What the hell happened to make Jenna look like that and to show up on my doorstep ?
“ I ’ve been trying to call you , ” Jenna choked out on a sob .
“ Why did n’t you answer ? ”
I stood there , shocked for a second , but then I quickly said , “ I was sick and had n’t felt well all last night and today .
My phone died sometime this afternoon while I ’ve been asleep .
I can tell something ’s wrong , Jenna , so you need to tell me , now . ”
Stepping back , I motioned for her to come inside and she followed .
Growing more impatient with each passing second , I glared at her waiting on the news to come .
Jenna ’s voice quivered when she spoke , “ Korinne , there ’s been an accident . ”
Thoughts of Galen passed through my mind and of all the possibilities of what could be wrong , none of which happened to be good .
If he was n’t here , then where was he ?
Not knowing what to do or say , I stood there motionless while the time floated by in slow motion , waiting on the fatal words to leave Jenna ’s mouth .
“ Galen had an accident , ” she confessed .
In that instant my legs folded underneath me and I collapsed to the floor .
I knew something was wrong , I just knew it .
I could feel it in my heart and soul that something terrible had happened .
My heart was in agony and I could n’t breathe .
This could n’t be happening to me again .
What did I do in life to deserve this ?
Did I not suffer enough with Carson ?
I already lost him , and now something bad had happened to Galen .
Jenna fell to the floor with me and took me in her arms , rocking me and trying hard to soothe me .
Nothing was going to help me at this point .
“ What happened ? ”
I cried desperately .
“ He left to get me some nausea medicine but obviously he never came back .
Please tell me he ’s okay , Jenna .
I have to know he ’s okay ! ”
I yelled .
Jenna took a deep breath and grabbed my hands .
“ He was in a motorcycle accident , Ducky .
I ’ m not going to lie , he ’s not doing well .
When we found out I tried like crazy to call , but you never answered .
Brady and I drove down as soon as we heard . ” “ I have to go to him , NOW !
I ca n’t lose him you hear me ! ”
I demanded forcefully .
Jenna nodded and began to cry while I shot to my feet and ran to our bedroom to change clothes quickly , and to grab some things for the hospital .
When Jenna saw me coming she pulled out her keys and began to walk out the door .
“ Let ’s go , you can tell me everything on the way , ” I suggested hastily .
“ What do you want to know ? ”
Jenna asked as we got into the car .
“ Just start from the beginning . ”
Maybe it was n’t the best idea to hear all the details , but I had to know what to expect .
She took a deep breath , letting it out slowly , before starting to explain .
“ According to the witnesses , a car pulled out in front of Galen while he was riding down the road . ” “ Did the dumb ass not see him ?
What happened to the other driver ? ”
My throat tightened up , and with all of the emotions swirling around in my body I did n’t know what I was supposed to feel .
All I know was that the anger was pretty dominant at that moment .
Jenna shrugged .
“ I do n’t know for sure , but I think the driver may have been drinking .
Hopefully , we ’ll find out something soon .
The police came in and took the driver away .
Once we got into town I heard all I needed to hear and then came straight to you .
Brady and Elizabeth are there waiting for you at the hospital . ”
Tensing up in the seat , I knew the worst part of the news was about to be said .
Jenna took a quick glance at me , but then turned back to the road .
Her hands were shaking on the wheel , and when I saw her reaction my world came to a complete halt .
She was afraid , afraid to tell me .
“ Oh my God , ” I whispered .
“ Is he going to die , Jenna ?
Please tell me it ’s not that bad . ”
She lost it in that moment and broke down into tears .
“ I do n’t know , Kori , ” she said , the sound of fear evident in her voice .
“ He ’s had some severe injuries and we wo n’t know the outcome of them yet .
Before I left they were taking him back to do emergency surgery on him . ”
Shaking my head , I doubled over in despair .
“ This is all my fault .
He would n’t have left if it was n’t for me . ”
Jenna was shaking her head in disagreement , but I knew it was the truth .
“ What kind of injuries are we talking about ? ”
I questioned .
“ I do n’t know all of the fancy terms the doctor used , but it looks like he suffered from a moderate head injury .
The procedure they were about to perform on him was to help relieve the pressure from around his skull and to remove the blood clots that were forming .
That ’s all I heard before I left . ”
Brain injuries were not taken lightly , and there were so many things that could go wrong with any number of repercussions .
He might wake up and not even know who the hell I was .
I could only pray that that did n’t happen .
“ You know the complications of head injuries , right ? ”
I asked Jenna .
“ I know , Ducky , and that ’s where we need to have faith .
I ’ m going to be right beside you the whole time , ” she claimed whole - heartedly .
She squeezed my hand and held it the rest of the trip .
The hospital had finally come into view , which happened to be the same hospital where my Carson died , and the same hospital where my Galen was fighting for his life .
Chapter Nineteen


Again I was stuck in an elevator that took a million years to get anywhere .
Once Jenna parked the car , I raced into the hospital only to end up slowed down by that damn thing .
Pacing around in the confines of the metal box , Jenna sighed .
“ We ’re here , Kori , but you need to calm down .
You ’re not going to help Galen by being reckless and frantic . ”
I stopped the pacing to stare fixedly at the shiny metal doors .
I knew that hospital like the back of my hand .
When Carson worked there , I visited him often and had gotten to know plenty of the staff there well .
When the elevator doors opened I saw Brady pacing down the hall .
It seemed I was n’t the only one pacing around there .
Jenna and I both ran toward him , only to see his ashen face and tear - stained cheeks .
Brady hugged me and began to silently cry .
I held onto him , sobbing with him .
“ We did n’t know where you were .
We tried calling you until Jenna decided she ’d had enough and left to go searching . ” “ I was at home , asleep .
I ’d been sick and had no clue what was going on , ” I cried .
“ My phone was dead when I got up . ”
Brady let me go and then Elizabeth , Galen ’s mother , tackled me in her arms .
“ Oh my God , Korinne , we were so worried about you .
We did n’t know where you were or how else to get in touch with you other than your cell phone .
We even called the house and no one picked up .
I was getting ready to call the police ! ”
Galen ’s mother shrieked .
“ I ’ m so sorry I worried you .
How long had you been trying to reach me ? ”
I asked .
Elizabeth released me so I could look at all of them .
Jenna was the one that answered , “ We tried for about three hours .
That ’s why I left to find you . ” “ Why do n’t we sit down , ” Elizabeth suggested and motioned us toward the seats .
The room we were in was the intensive care waiting room .
No one else was around , only the four of us sitting anxiously in wait of the verdict .
The smell of antiseptics and bleach tickled my nose and it made me more nauseous , but it was a smell I had gotten used to when I came to visit Carson .
“ The doctor should be coming back soon to give us an update .
Did Jenna inform you of the surgery ? ”
Elizabeth asked me .
“ Yes , she told me , ” I mumbled .
The room filled with silence , but we were all in our own stages of despair to even care .
What turned out to be only a few minutes of waiting turned into a couple of hours .
The nausea and fatigue were back , so I rested my head in my hands and took in some deep , calming breaths .
Not that it was going to help , but I had to try something .
I was about to fall asleep when I heard someone walk into the waiting room .
After lifting my head and rubbing my eyes , I saw that it was Jason Andrews , doctor and good friend of Carson ’s .
Carson and I used to go out all the time with Jason and his girlfriend .
Before I left to move in with my parents he had become a really close friend to me and was there to support me when Carson died .
He still looked the same , with his shortly cropped blond hair and lanky build , and the biggest heart of any doctor I knew .
He looked at us all with a grim expression , but when he focused on me his eyes went wide .
As I walked toward him , he opened his arms and pulled me into a hug .
“ Korinne , I am so sorry about all of this .
It ’s not fair that you have to go through this again . ”
I buried my head in his chest and began to cry .
He knew how upset I was over Carson ’s accident and now he was seeing it again .
“ How is he , Jason ?
Do n’t sugarcoat it either .
I need to know what ’s going on , ” I demanded firmly .
“ Tell us everything , Dr . Andrews , ” Elizabeth pleaded .
When Jason let me go , the grim look on his face was back .
He glanced at each one of us before he gave us the news .
“ The surgery went well .
We relieved the pressure on his skull and removed the blood clots .
He ’s been put on some coma - inducing drugs and they ’re going to keep him unconscious until the swelling subsides .
He ’s also endured some broken bones , mainly on the right side of his body from the force of impact when he landed .
Both his right leg and arm are in casts right now and he ’ll be in them for about eight weeks , and he ’ll also need to go through physical therapy after the healing process takes place .
When he landed on the right side of his body he also endured a moderate amount of road rash on that right leg .
We scrubbed and cleaned the sores before putting him in the cast .
He ’ll have some scarring when it ’s all healed . ”
After hearing all of Galen ’s injuries we all turned green , but what really concerned me was the head injury .
“ I know what can happen with these head injuries , Jason , ” I stated .
“ You ’ve seen the damage , so what complications do you think we ’re looking at ? ”
Carson used to talk to me about that kind of stuff all the time .
I always found it interesting and also scary to know what could happen to the human body .
“ The most common complications would be temporary memory loss , slight brain damage , seizures , he may have to learn to walk again or even speak for that matter .
We wo n’t know until he wakes up . ”
He paused , and just when I thought there could n’t be any more bad news , I was sorely mistaken .
“ Mr .
Matthews ’ head injury is only but one of the major problems , ” Jason indicated hesitantly .
I closed my eyes as a new wave of anger , sadness , and worry came crashing down on top of me .
The tears came falling down , but before I could say anything Galen ’s mother lost her control and raised her voice in fear .
“ What else is wrong ? ”
Elizabeth demanded .
“ How come you did n’t tell us sooner ? ”
Jason showed his understanding and handled the matter amiably .
“ Mrs .
Matthews , we did n’t know at the time , ” he commended softly .
“ We ran the CT scans and found there was some internal damage , especially to his kidneys .
Everything else just seems bruised , but the kidneys have been damaged pretty badly . ”
The world around me began to spin out of control and I could n’t take anymore .
Feeling like I was going to be sick , I collapsed into the chair behind me .
“ What happens now ? ”
I asked .
Jenna took the seat beside me and rubbed my back soothingly .
Jason glanced at us before answering my question .
“ He ’s going to need a kidney transplant .
With as much damage as they ’ve sustained , I do n’t think they ’ll be repairable . ”
Brady cut in , “ Do n’t you have waiting lists for that kind of stuff ? ”
We all looked at Brady and then expectantly at the doctor , hoping that this time was n’t one of those cases .
I ’d heard of people being put on lists , but surely that would n’t happen here .
I could only pray it did n’t .
“ There are waiting lists for different types of organs , but I ’ll have to check and see , ” Jason admitted .
An idea crossed my mind , and in that instant I knew what I had to do , and I was n’t going to think twice about it .
“ Take mine , ” I said .
Everyone turned to look at me with shocked expressions all over their faces .
I stood up and said it again .
“ I want you to take mine .
Screw the waiting lists and all that bullshit .
I want you to take one of mine and give it to Galen .
Waiting list or not , I want to do this , ” I ordered with every fiber of my being .
“ We can do that , ” Jason offered .
“ But we need to make sure you ’re a match .
Blood will need to be drawn , and if you ’re a match we ’ll need to get you prepared . ”
I nodded , even though all of that was n’t necessary because I knew we were a match .
The reason why I knew was because I saw his blood donor card in his wallet and it was the same as mine .
However , hospital had to do it anyway , and I understood that .
“ I ’ll have one of my nurse ’s take you back in a few minutes .
Mr .
Matthews will be assigned a room here shortly and then you can go in and visit him , but only two people at a time are allowed . ”
I sighed .
“ Thank you , Jason . ” “ Yes , thank you , Dr . Andrews , ” Elizabeth cried .
Jason gave a slight smile before he took his leave .
Turning to me , Elizabeth took me in her arms again .
“ Korinne , I do n’t know how to thank you for doing this .
If I was a match , I would ’ve forfeited my life and offered both of my kidneys , ” Elizabeth sobbed .
Stepping away from the hug , the tears began to flow harder as I looked at Galen ’s mother breaking down in front of me .
Crying , I said , “ I know you would have , but if there is a way for me to save him I ’ m going to do it .
I made a vow to him , and I ’ m going to keep it no matter what .
I ca n’t lose him like I did Carson , not when I know I can help him . ” “ He ’s lucky to have you .
You know , he used to talk about you all the time when you both were in college . ” “ Really ? ”
I asked .
“ He never mentioned to me that he talked to you about me . ” “ Oh yes , ” she told me .
“ That boy would glow every time he talked about you .
He had never spoken of a female like he did you . ”
This made me cry even more , so I used my sleeves to wipe away the tears .
“ I see the love and devotion he has for you every time you two are together .
He ’s always made me a proud mother . ” “ He told me about how he left on his motorcycle after his father died .
He holds that regret in his heart even to this day .
” “ He should have known I would understand .
I missed him and I knew he had to deal with his grief in his own way .
We all deal with it in our own ways .
He felt he had to leave , and I respected that .
I never once was upset with him for leaving me . ” “ That ’s exactly what I told him you would say , ” I said to her .
Glancing at the door to the waiting room , I saw a nurse headed in our direction .
She was probably the nurse who was going to take my blood for testing .
“ Korinne ? ” the nurse called out .
“ I ’ll be back , ” I said , looking at everyone .
I followed the nurse down the hall to the lab stationed on that same floor .
This was my first step to saving Galen .
Soon he would be healed with a fresh new kidney … my kidney .


After my blood was drawn , I made my way back to the waiting room .
Jenna was sitting there , watching television all alone .
When she saw me approach she patted the chair beside her .
“ Brady and his mother are in there with Galen .
They knew you were desperate to see him , but they did n’t know how long you would be , so they went in there first , ” she informed me .
“ I understand .
I want to see him so badly , but I ’ m sort of afraid of what I ’ m going to see , ” I confessed to her .
Memories of my time in the hospital with Carson came flooding back and never did I think that I would be in the same situation again .
I was both angry and sad .
The emotions conflicted in my heart , and at that moment I wanted to scream in outrage from the unfairness of it all .
I kept telling myself there was no time to feel the sadness .
I was sure there would come a time for that , but it was not then .
I needed to have faith , and that faith was what was going to get me through .
“ Korinne ? ”
Jenna murmured gently .
Tilting my head to the side , I looked at her and raised my eyebrow in question .
“ What you ’re doing for Galen is amazing .
There ’s no greater sacrifice than to put your own life at risk for the one you love . ” “ He would do the same for me in this situation .
I owe him everything I have .
He would n’t be here in the hospital if it was n’t for me , and I ’ll gladly work my ass off to make it up to him for the rest of our lives , ” I admitted whole - heartedly .
“ I ’ m sure he ’ll like you being indebted to him , too . ”
She laughed weakly .
“ How did it go getting your blood drawn ? ”
I put my head in my hands and groaned .
“ Not too good as a matter of fact .
I passed out after they were done .
Once I came to they made me drink a soda and eat a spoonful of peanut butter . ”
Jenna reached over and touched my forehead .
“ That does n’t sound like you .
You never pass out over anything .
You do n’t feel like you have a fever . ”
Sitting up , I put my hand at my throat and rubbed it .
“ No , I just ca n’t shake this nausea .
We ate sushi last night and I think I got food poisoning from it . ” “ You need to get some rest .
After you visit with Galen , I ’ll take you home to get some sleep .
I ’ll stay with you to make sure you ’re all right . ” “ I do n’t want to leave him , ” I complained .
“ You do n’t have a choice , Korinne .
First off , you know they do n’t allow that on this floor , and secondly , you ’re sick .
Not to mention you need to rest up before your surgery .
You ’re not going to do Galen any good if you die of exhaustion , ” she instructed in her motherly voice .
“ Yes , I would do Galen some good if I died , ” I told her with a smirk on my face .
“ He would get two kidneys instead of one . ”
Jenna sighed and smacked my arm .
“ Ducky , you ’re too much .
Leave it to you to say something morbid like that . ”
I forced a smile to my face , but I was actually being serious about that statement .
“ How long have Brady and Elizabeth been with Galen ?
I really want to see him , ” I said while I bounced my leg up and down impatiently .
“ If I do n’t see him soon I ’ m going to go insane . ”
Jenna looked at the clock and frowned .
“ It ’s been almost an hour .
They should be done soon . ”
I knew not to say anything , and I knew they were his family , but I wished they would hurry the hell up .
I hated feeling selfish , but I just needed to see him .
Patience was not a virtue of mine .
Even though Galen would n’t know I was there , I still wanted to talk to him and to tell him how sorry I was .
“ They ’re coming , Ducky , ” Jenna said softly .
I glanced up to see Brady practically carrying his mother down the hall .
Jenna and I both ran to them , scared that something was wrong .
“ Is everything okay ? ”
I asked .
Elizabeth ’s condition had me terrified .
She was crying and could n’t seem to form the words to speak .
“ Everything ’s fine , ” Brady claimed .
“ It ’s just … it was hard to see him like that .
Do you need me or Jenna with you when you go in there ? ”
I shook my head , trying desperately to be strong .
The meltdown was about to come , but I did n’t want it to be out there .
“ No , I ’ll be fine .
I want to be alone with him , ” I reassured them .
Brady kissed Jenna on the cheek and said to her , “ I ’ m going to take my mother home and stay with her tonight .
I ca n’t leave her alone . ” “ Okay , ” Jenna replied sadly .
“ I ’ll be staying with Korinne tonight as well . ”
Brady kissed her once more before addressing me again .
“ He ’s in room 1065 .
I ’ m going to warn you , it ’s not pretty . ” “ I know , Brady , ” I cried .
“ I ’ll be fine .
Take care of your mother and we ’ll see you tomorrow . ”
The tears began to fall again , and there was nothing I could do about it .
I wondered if there was ever a time when a person could n’t cry anymore .
I thought I was getting awfully close to that point .
Brady and Elizabeth headed towards the elevators while I made my way down the hall .
Stopping mid - stride , I looked back at Jenna one last time before turning the corner .
She smiled to reassure me and motioned me on .
The numbers on the doors got steadily closer to 1065 the farther I went .
My heart beat was so loud I could hear and feel it thumping in my ears .
Once I reached Room 1065 , I stood there frozen outside the door .
“ I can do this , ” I said to myself .
Before reaching for the handle , I wiped the tears away and took a deep breath .
The room was quiet except for the beeping sounds of the monitors .
The curtain was pulled halfway around the bed , and the only thing I could see were Galen ’s feet .
One was in a cast so that must ’ve been the one he ’d broken .
I walked slowly around the curtain until I got the full view of the man I loved .
Gasping loudly , I threw my hands over my mouth to keep in the scream I was dying to let loose .
A broken sob escaped my lips and I was consumed with the terror of what Galen must ’ve gone through .
My soul was in agony .
I could n’t begin to imagine the pain he must have endured , not to mention the pain he would go through when he woke up .
His right leg was in a cast , along with his right arm .
He looked like a mummy all wrapped in the gauzy white dressing .
The only things that showed on his face were his closed eyes , nose , and mouth .
There was bruising around the lines of his face and also some swelling along with it .
Tubes were everywhere going in and out of different places on his body .
I would understand completely if he hated me after this .
I knew I would hate me .
“ Galen , ” I whispered , coming up to the bed .
I took his hand lightly , but it was also wrapped in the gauze .
I wished I could feel the smoothness of his skin , but I knew that was n’t possible .
“ I ’ m so sorry , ” I cried .
“ Please forgive me … oh my God , Galen please forgive me . ”
I kept waiting on him to answer but he laid there frozen while I poured my heart out .
He could n’t hear , think , or see me right then and it killed me to know that when he woke up there was no telling what was going to be wrong .
“ You ca n’t leave me , Galen .
Do you hear me ?
I ’ m not going to let you , so do us both a favor and fight .
I ’ m going to be fighting for you , but I need your help . ”
I let his hand go and pulled up a chair so I could be by his head .
Angrily wiping the tears away , I sat there and cried for who knew how long .
Why could n’t this be a bad dream , and when I woke up Galen would be right there beside me ?
“ I need you to come back to me , Galen .
We have so much to live for .
We have our cabin that needs to be finished .
We need to have a family … ”
I choked on a sob and my throat began to tighten .
Not being able to stay still , I got up from the chair and leaned over so I could see his face better and clearer .
Placing a gentle kiss on his lips , I silently wished that it would ’ve been enough to wake him .
This sure was n’t a fairytale , so wishful thinking was n’t going to work , but I thought I would give it a try anyway .
I ran my fingers lightly across his face just to be able to feel him .
“ Ca n’t you imagine us being together until we ’re old and gray ?
I can see us eighty years from now , sitting on the front porch of our cabin drinking moonshine or something crazy like that .
Imagine all of the things we ’re going to do and share together .
I ’ m done with losing people .
You promised me you would always be here for me , so this is me asking for you to keep that promise , Galen . ”
My heart felt like it had been ripped in two .
Why was it so hard to remain strong ?
I placed my head on the bed and closed my eyes , drenching the sheets with my tears .
“ Ducky , ” Jenna whispered softly .
Out of the corner of my eye , I saw her blurry form in the doorway .
“ Are you okay ? ” “ No , ” I answered truthfully .
“ My whole body feels exhausted .
My throat hurts from the strain of crying , and not to mention my heart feels like a knife has been thrust through it . ” “ I know , but it ’s about time to go , ” Jenna stuttered with hesitation in her voice .
“ Visiting hours are almost over . ” “ Damnit ! ”
I hissed .
“ What if something happens and I ’ m not here ! ”
I felt like I was close to a panic attack , a time bomb waiting to go off .
“ I do n’t want to leave him , ” I cried .
“ I know , ” she said to me .
“ But remember , you need to rest .
You have two minutes , Ducky .
I ’ll be waiting for you outside the door . ”
She closed it softly and now it was time to say good - bye … for now .
Before kissing him again , I leaned and whispered across his lips , “ You came into my life and saved me .
Now it ’s time for me to save you .
I ’ll be back , my love .
You wo n’t be able to get rid of me easily after this . ”
I kissed him gently and it took everything in my power to walk away from him .
Once I opened the door and shut it I took in a deep , ragged breath .
Jenna was standing there , leaning against the wall and waiting patiently on me .
“ Do you need to call your parents and let them know ? ” she asked .
“ I ’ll do it in the morning .
Right now I ca n’t seem to focus on anything other than Galen . ” “ Okay , let ’s get you home then . ”
Sighing , Jenna put her arm around my shoulder , and led me down the hall .
How could I go home and rest while he ’s there ?
That night and every night until he got better were going to be nothing but hell for me .
Chapter Twenty


“ You do n’t think it ’s too early to call them ? ”
Jenna murmured .
We were on our way to the hospital and my nerves were shot .
I was nauseous as hell , and with the surgery coming up I could n’t eat or drink anything to help calm my stomach .
When was this damn food poisoning going to go away ?
“ It is early , but I need to let them know what ’s going on before I go under .
They ’ll be pissed at me if I went through with everything and did n’t tell them , ” I answered .
Jenna agreed , “ Very true . ”
Calling my parents this early would terrify them .
My mom always expected bad news when calls came in the middle of the night or very early in the morning .
I guess I was going to help prove that theory .
The phone rang for several rings until I heard my mom ’s frantic voice over the phone .
She would know it was me calling .
“ Kori , are you okay ? ” “ No , I ’ m not , ” I said , choking on my words .
“ Something bad has happened to Galen . ”
My mother gasped and I could hear my father snapping to attention in the background .
“ Oh honey , what happened ?
Is he all right ? ” she asked hesitantly , concern etched in her words .
She was probably afraid of how I was going to handle it , afraid I would revert back like I did with Carson .
The tears forced their way out , making my eyes hurt and burn from all of the excessive crying I ’d done .
“ He ’s not doing so well , Mom .
Galen was in a motorcycle accident , and now he ’s in a coma with kidney failure and a brain injury , ” I cried .
I paused and took a deep breath before telling my mother my plan .
“ I ’ m going to give him one of my kidneys , Mom . ”
I cringed , waiting to hear what she had to say about that , but the line went silent .
Both of my parents loved Galen , but I knew their main concern was of my well - being .
It did n’t matter what they said , this was my decision and if I had to risk my life then so be it .
Jenna looked over at me and raised her eyebrows in question .
The line was still silent , so I shrugged and mouth the words ‘ I do n’t know ’ to her .
“ Mom ? ”
I called out sheepishly .
“ Can you say something please ? ”
Her voice sounded shaky when she came back over the line .
“ I do n’t know what to say , Kori .
I ’ m just worried about you . ” “ I know , but this is something I have to do , ” I replied sternly .
My mother sighed .
“ Then I will be there to support you .
I would do the same thing for your father if he were in this situation .
We ’ll both be there in about four hours .
We ’ll pack quickly and head on our way . ” “ Mom , you do n’t have to come all of this way for me .
I ’ll be fine , I promise , ” I reassured her .
“ As much as I would love to see you , I ca n’t expect you to drop everything and come out here . ” “ That ’s enough of that nonsense , Kori .
You ’re my daughter and I ’ m going to be there for you .
Do you know what time you ’ll be having your surgery ? ” “ I ’ m not sure .
Jenna and I are headed to the hospital now .
They had to do the blood work on me last night , but they wanted me prepared just in case they did the surgery this morning , ” I explained .
“ His head injury is what worries me .
He ’s in a coma and we do n’t know if he ’ll wake up .
I have to believe he will . ” “ And he will , sweetheart .
How could he not when he has you waiting for him ?
He ’s a fighter .
I may not have had the chance to be around him much , but that man will fight anyone and everything to be able to be by your side .
I could see it in his face when he looked at you . ” “ That ’s so strange .
Galen ’s mother said almost the exact same thing to me yesterday . ” “ She ’s a smart lady then , ” my mother observed .
“ Your father is already up and packing , so I ’ll get to packing as well and see you in just a few short hours . ” “ Ok , Mom , ” I cried .
“ I love you . ” “ And I love you , care bear . ”
We both ended the call , and before I could put my phone back in my purse another call came in .
Who would be calling me that early in the morning ?
“ Who ’s calling you now ? ”
Jenna asked .
Looking down at the screen I did n’t recognize the number , but it looked like it may be a number from the hospital .
Dread settled in the pit of my stomach .
“ It ’s the hospital , ” I told her .
The fear in my body had me scared to answer the call .
What if it was news that Galen had taken a turn for the worse ?
“ Answer it , Kori , ” Jenna demanded .
“ We need to know what ’s going on . ”
Taking a deep breath , I pressed the button to receive the call .
“ Hello , ” I answered hesitantly .
“ Korinne ? ”
It only took me one second to recognize the voice as being Jason Andrews .
“ Good morning , Jason .
Please tell me Galen ’s okay , ” I blurted out .
“ Yes , he ’s fine , ” Jason responded .
“ But that ’s not what I need to talk to you about .
When will you be arriving at the hospital ? ” “ I ’ m almost there now . ” “ Good , I need to see you when you get here .
Do you mind coming to my office as soon as you get in ? ”
Jason insisted .
“ Of course I will .
Is everything all right ?
Did my blood work come back ? ” “ It did , and that ’s why I need to talk to you .
I ’ll see you in just a few minutes , ” he said quickly before hanging up the phone .
This could n’t be good , I thought .
Why was he trying to get off the phone with me so fast ?
His haste could only mean one thing … bad news .
“ What did he want ? ”
Jenna asked , concerned .
“ I do n’t know exactly , but it does n’t look like it ’s going to be good , ” I told her .


“ Do you want me to go in there with you ?
I can be your moral support , ” Jenna claimed .
We stood outside of Jason ’s door , and I was covered in sweat while my heart beat frantically .
Moral support was definitely what I needed .
“ I would like that , ” I said , agreeing with her request .
I knocked on the door twice , and almost immediately after that we heard Jason ’s voice tell us to enter .
Poking my head around the door , I saw him sitting at his desk with a file in front of him .
I could only assume it was mine .
Jenna and I both walked in while Jason motioned to the two seats in front of his desk .
“ Good morning , ladies , ” he said to us .
I knew he was nervous by the tone in his voice , and that only spurred my nervousness on even more .
“ Good morning , ” Jenna and I both greeted together .
Lifting his gaze from the file , Jason clasped his hands together .
“ Korinne , I do n’t know where to start .
If this were strangers I was talking to it would be a whole hell of a lot easier , but it ’s never easy when you ’re personally tied to someone . ” “ Just tell me what ’s wrong , ” I ordered desperately .
“ I know me and Galen are a blood match , so it ca n’t be that .
What else could it be ? ” “ Do you want the good news or the bad news first ? ” he asked .
I narrowed my eyes at him , completely confused that there would be any good news to be heard .
“ By the haste in which you wanted me here , I did n’t think there would be any good news , ” I assumed .
Jason unclasped his hands and began to fumble with the papers in the file .
“ I ’ m sorry about that , but you needed to know what was going on .
So which is it , Korinne ?
Good or bad ? ” “ Give me the bad news , Jason .
That way the last thing on my mind will be the good , ” I mumbled wearily .
He hesitated , but looked me straight in the eye when the words came out of his mouth .
“ I ’ m sorry to tell you this , but you ’re not going to be able to give Galen one of your kidneys . ” “ What ? ! ”
I screamed , standing abruptly from the chair .
If I thought I could n’t cry anymore , I was sorely mistaken .
The tears that were now flowing down my face were of anger and desperation .
I knew I was going to hear bad news , but I was n’t expecting that .
What if Galen got put on a waiting list and died because he did n’t get a kidney fast enough ?
That was something I could n’t live with .
“ Calm down , Ducky , ” Jenna said .
She took my hand and pulled on it to get me to sit down .
Glancing down at her , she smiled reassuringly and nodded to the chair .
I huffed , aggravated as hell , because nothing seemed to be going right for me .
“ I ’ m sorry .
I did n’t mean to yell at you , ” I said to Jason .
“ It ’s just I do n’t understand .
I know we are a match . ” “ And you are , ” he agreed .
“ But there ’s something we found in your blood that ’s stopped us from being able to take your kidney . ” “ Is this still considered the bad news ? ”
I wondered .
“ Because nothing at this moment is going to be considered good for me . ”
I was caught off guard when Jason actually looked at me and smiled .
How could he be smiling at a time like this ?
“ I think you might beg to differ once you hear all that I have to tell you . ” “ What the hell is going on ?
Why are you smiling ? ”
I demanded , looking back and forth from him to Jenna , totally confused .
My heart was pounding out of my chest and my vision had begun to get blurry from being lightheaded .
Gripping the arms of the chair , I waited expectantly to hear what Jason had to tell me next .
“ Korinne , ” he began and paused .
He took a deep breath before finishing his sentence .
“ You ’re pregnant . ”
Those last two words were all I heard before the world went silent .
Chapter Twenty - One


“ Korinne , wake up . ”
The voice sounded so far away , but close at the same time .
Something cold touched my forehead and I flinched .
The moment I did , the pain shot through my body .
“ Oww , ” I groaned .
My tongue felt heavy and thick , and there was a spot on my forehead where the horrific throbbing was coming from .
When I reached up to touch it , I noticed there was a bump there that had n’t been there before .
I could feel the world spinning around me and I had n’t even opened my eyes yet .
“ Open your eyes , care bear , ” a voice said soothingly by my ear .
“ Mom ? ” “ Yes , it ’s me , ” she answered .
I opened my eyes and saw that my mother and father were beside the bed .
Looking around the room , I had no clue how I came to be in a hospital bed .
“ What happened ? ”
I asked them .
My mother and father looked at each other , and then back to me .
My father was the one who spoke .
“ Apparently , you took a nasty tumble and hit your head on Dr . Andrews ’ desk .
You ’ve been out for five hours . ”
It only took one second to remember why I had passed out .
Running my hand over my stomach , my eyes went wide .
Both of my parents smiled when I gazed back up at them with tear - filled eyes .
“ You both know ? ”
I asked .
My mom nodded excitedly and cried , “ Yes , we know .
Jenna decided to tell the whole world because she was so happy .
As soon as we walked in she told us .
We were ecstatic when we found out we were going to be grandparents . ”
Seeing her and my dad smile actually made me happy for a second , but then I remembered the bad news Jason had told me .
“ They ca n’t take my kidney , ” I told my parents anxiously .
“ We need to get Galen a kidney .
Do you know if they have one or if he was put on the waiting list ? ” “ We do n’t know , pumpkin , we have n’t heard anything yet , but you need to calm down and relax .
You have someone else to think of now , too , ” my father emphasized by looking down at my stomach .
My mother brushed the hair off of my forehead and smiled .
“ The doctors want to do an ultrasound to make sure the baby is okay .
They were waiting for you to wake up . ” “ When are they going to let me out of here ?
I want to see Galen . ” “ Impatient as ever are n’t you , Ducky ? ”
Jenna announced , coming through the door with Brady and Elizabeth behind her .
“ I just want to see my husband , ” I snapped impatiently .
“ I see my brother got you knocked up .
I believe heart - felt congratulations are in order . ”
Brady laughed .
I was taken aback by his joking , but Elizabeth barged in and took over .
“ Brady hush !
That was really uncalled for to say it like that .
I think you and Jenna also need to be getting busy , to give me more grandbabies . ”
She came to over to me and kissed me on the forehead .
“ Galen is going to be so happy when he finds out about the baby .
Congratulations , my dear .
Why did n’t you tell me you did n’t know if you could have kids or not ?
I would n’t have hounded you so much . ”
My eyes roamed over to Jenna and she shied away sheepishly .
“ It was n’t something I liked to discuss , ” I informed her .
“ Jenna , you are all about revealing the secrets today , are n’t you ? ” “ I was excited , ” she admitted .
“ Knowing you , you were going to stay passed out for forever and I could n’t wait to share the good news .
It was a blessing in this tragic situation .
Everyone needed something good to come out of it . ”
Hearing her say it like that it did n’t sound so bad .
It all seemed surreal .
I could n’t believe there was actually a life growing inside of me , but what made my heart hurt was that my child might not ever get to meet their father .
“ Is there any news about a kidney for Galen ?
I know you are all happy for me and the baby , but I think we need to focus on getting Galen taken care of , ” I pointed out to them .
Jenna came up to the bed and shook her head , grinning the whole time .
“ Well , Ducky , if you had n’t passed out , you would have heard the rest of the good news that Jason wanted to tell you .
However , it does happen to be bitter - sweet news . ”
Narrowing my eyes in question , she continued , “ The good news is that they found a kidney for Galen . ”
I screamed for joy as the happiness inside of my body blossomed to every fiber of my being .
“ That ’s great news !
He did n’t have to be put on the waiting list ? ”
I asked , looking at everyone .
They all seemed happy , but there was sadness in the air that I could n’t place .
“ By the looks on your faces , I guess this is where you tell me the ‘ bitter ’ part of that news . ”
Lowering her eyes , Jenna nodded .
“ Yes , it is .
Apparently , Galen was going to be put on a waiting list , but something must have changed because now he ’s good to go . ” “ What happened ? ”
I asked curiously .
Jenna shrugged .
“ Dr .
Andrews did n’t specifically say , but they ’re going to get everything set up and ready to operate by morning .
Now all we have to do is hope that Galen wakes up from the coma . ”
The smiles around the room slowly ebbed off because with that admission there still came the realization that the worst part was not yet over .
Even if he did get a kidney , he still had to wake up from the coma .
I lifted my chin , and announced to them all .
“ He will wake up .
After finding out I ’ m pregnant , when I was told I most likely would n’t have children , is a sign .
A sign that miracles can happen .
Galen ’s strong , and I have no doubt in my mind that he ’ll pull through it . ”
Their smiles came back and I felt a new hope surge through the room .
Everything was going to be okay .


“ Are you ready to see your little peanut ? ” the nurse asked .
“ More than anything , ” I said nervously .
My mother , Jenna , and Elizabeth were all in the room with me .
When the nurse came to get me , they all squealed and demanded to be able to go , too .
I could n’t tell them no .
“ This is so exciting , ” Jenna shrieked , bouncing up and down .
I laughed at her and turned back to the nurse , who was putting lube on a something that looked like a giant penis .
Great , I thought sarcastically .
I did n’t realize I was going to have an internal ultrasound .
“ Whoa ! ”
Jenna exclaimed , looking at everyone and then back to the rod in the nurses ’ hand .
“ I guess we do n’t need to tell Galen that his wife got prodded while he was out , do we ? ”
Elizabeth and my mother both burst out in laughter while I hid my head in embarrassment .
Leave it to my friend to say something like that .
The nurse snickered and said , “ Trust me , I do n’t think Mr . Matthews would object since we ’ll be seeing his child with it . ”
We all laughed , but then everyone went silent when it was time to see what my little one looked like .
I kept my eyes on the monitor , eager to see how big the baby was and to get an idea on how far along I was .
I had no clue , but I guess I knew then why I ’d been getting sick so much the past few weeks .
The nurse turned up the volume on the monitor , and as soon as I heard my baby ’s heartbeat I saw the little peanut clearly on the screen .
I burst out into tears just as everyone in the room gasped and began crying as well .
“ Look at my little girl , ” I whispered .
“ Now how do you know it ’s a girl ? ” my mother chimed in . Smiling at the screen , I shrugged .
“ I do n’t know .
I just do . ”
I looked up at the nurse and asked , “ Is there any way to find out right now , or is it too soon ? ” “ It ’s still too soon .
You look like you may be about eight weeks pregnant .
In another ten weeks or so you should be able to find out .
If you want some good recommendations for excellent OB doctors , I can get you a list to choose from .
You ’ll need to start taking prenatal vitamins , and make sure that you take care of yourself , and definitely no extra stress . ” “ I understand completely , ” I agreed with her .
“ I ’ m going to print off some pictures , so that way you ’ll have them and can show your husband when he wakes up , ” the nurse insisted .
I smiled .
“ That would be great . ”


The time had come for Galen ’s surgery .
I sent my parents home because I knew things would turn out okay .
That , and also because I knew my father had to get back to work .
I did n’t want him losing his job over me , even though I knew he would have stayed just to make sure I was all right .
It took some convincing , but I finally got them to head home to Charleston .
Brady and Elizabeth took their turns to see Galen first and spend time with him before his surgery .
I wanted to talk to him last so I could spend more time with him .
While Galen ’s family visited with him , I took that time to call Rebecca .
Brady had called her the other day and told her everything about the accident .
I had n’t spoken to her at all , so I had no clue what was going on with work or if there were any issues , and I ’ m sure she was dying to hear from me .
Dialing the office number , I waited on her to pick up .
“ M&M Architectural Design , ” Rebecca announced .
It broke my heart to hear her voice .
She did n’t sound like her usual chipper self , but someone that was sad and preoccupied .
My voice quivered when I spoke .
“ Rebecca , its Korinne . ”
It must have caught her off guard to hear my voice , because she fumbled with the phone .
“ Holy hell , Korinne .
How are you ?
How ’s Galen ?
Please tell me everything is okay .
I ’ve been dying to hear from you , ” she told me anxiously .
“ I ’ m sorry I have n’t called , but it ’s been a little hectic .
Galen has his surgery here in the next couple of hours .
My good friend , Jason Andrews , is the doctor who will be doing the surgery .
I trust that he ’ll do everything right and help Galen pull through .
After the surgery we just have to wait for him to wake up .
With the head trauma we wo n’t know the full damage until he wakes . ” “ Oh my goodness .
I ’ m so sorry you ’re going through this .
I ’ve been around Galen since he was a baby .
I love that boy like he was my own , ” she cried .
“ I know you do .
We have to believe that he ’ll be okay .
Has anything happened at the office ?
Do I need to call anyone ? ”
I asked her .
“ Oh no , honey , it ’s all taken care of ; however , the builders did call yesterday asking for the floor plan to the cabin .
I did n’t know what to tell them , so I said I would be in contact soon . ” “ Call them back and tell them they ’ll have the floor plan as soon as possible .
There needs to be some changes made to it , ” I said to her .
The changes would come as a complete shock to Galen when he saw it , but it would be a surprise that he ’d surely love .
It ’d be the perfect Christmas present for him .
“ Sounds good , Korinne .
I just want you to know that we ’re all thinking about you here . ” “ Thank you , Rebecca .
I ’ll be in touch soon . ”
By the time we hung up , Brady and Elizabeth came out of Galen ’s room .
“ You ’re up , ” Brady said .
I walked into his room and hoped beyond hope that he ’d look better , but he still looked the same … so still and vacant .
I really did n’t know what I was expecting , but I knew what I was hoping .
Hopefully , once they got him off of the coma inducing drugs he ’d wake up easily .
If he stayed in a coma for longer than two weeks the situation would become dire .
I did n’t want to imagine what would happen if he did n’t wake up during that two week period .
“ Hey , sweetheart , ” I said , moving closer to the bed .
I hovered over him and kissed him on his dry , cracked lips .
“ You better wake up , Galen .
After this is all over you better wake up .
I have so much to tell you , and you would n’t believe all the things that have happened . ”
I paused and just stared at him , imagining how his face was going to look when I told him I was pregnant .
Rubbing my stomach , the tears had started to fall , but they were good tears .
“ You ’re going to love the surprise I have for you .
Believe me , it was definitely a shock for me when I found out .
I have the bump on the head to prove it . ”
I laughed .
“ Mrs .
Matthews ? ” a soft voice said coming from the doorway .
The nurse was a short lady with long , brown hair pulled back into a ponytail and looked to be in her late thirties .
When I acknowledged her , she approached me and held out her hand .
“ I ’ m Sarah .
I ’ll be assisting Dr . Andrews with Mr . Matthew ’s surgery .
I used to assist your late husband , Dr . Anders , as well . ”
I shook her hand and smiled .
“ I ’ m Korinne , and it ’s nice to meet you , too .
You know , I remember Carson talking about a nurse with your name .
He always told me how he enjoyed working with her and how she was excellent with patients .
It must have been you he was talking about . ” “ Really ? ” she asked .
Her eyes were welling up with tears , but she wiped them away .
“ He was the nicest doctor I had ever worked for .
I worked with him on the last night he was here .
I do n’t know if this oversteps the boundaries , but I thought you would like to know this .
Do you want to know what he said to me before he left ? ”
I sat there frozen , my mouth hanging open .
I could feel the burn tingling behind my eyes , making them water again .
I nodded my head at Sarah , curious to know what my Carson ’s last thoughts were before he left the hospital on that dreaded morning .
“ Please , ” I said softly .
“ I would love to know . ”
She wiped away more tears before she decided to speak .
“ He said that no matter what happened here , or how many patients he lost or could n’t save , there was always a light that people had to follow .
At the end of the day , you were his light .
He said he would follow you no matter where you were and that home was where his light was . ”
I cried , “ That was my Carson , always the poetic one .
Thank you for telling me that , Sarah .
It means a lot to know that ’s what he thought about me . ”
She sniffled .
“ I ’ m sorry for talking about Dr . Anders in this situation , but I really wanted you to know . ”
She stopped to regain her composure before she spoke again .
“ Now , I need to tell you about Mr . Matthews .
I just wanted to let you know we ’re about to get him ready for surgery .
The whole process will take about five hours , maybe more depending on if there are any complications .
Do you have any questions or concerns ? ” “ No , I think I ’ m good , ” I murmured , looking down at Galen .
Sarah placed her hand on my shoulder , and I lifted my gaze to her .
“ We ’ll take good care of him . ” “ I know you will .
I just know that he ’ll never be the same after this . ” “ That ’s true , but at least you ’ll have each other ? ” she asked with a grin on her face .
I laughed .
“ He may beg to differ on that some day .
How long will it be until you take him into surgery ? ”
Sarah glanced at her watch .
“ Everyone will be here in about five minutes to wheel him off .
Make sure you get some rest and get something to eat . ” “ I will . ”
I smiled .
She left and now I had only four minutes left to say my good - bye .
I bent down to kiss Galen again on the lips and I lingered there , wishing his lips would respond .
“ I love you .
Please come back to me , ” I murmured to him .
Slowly backing out of the room , my gaze never left his still form as I exited out of the doorway and turned to walk away .


“ Now why were you in such a hurry to get home ?
We have five hours until Galen gets out of surgery .
I think we have plenty of time , ” Jenna said sarcastically .
“ There ’s something I need to do , and I knew I would n’t be able to rest until I did it . ” “ Interesting , and what is it you feel you have to do ?
You need to be resting , or did you forget that ? ” she scolded me .
I rolled my eyes at her .
“ I know , but I can easily rest while working on what I need to do . ”
Jenna threw her hands up in the air , and being the mother hen that she was she could n’t help but scold me .
“ Fine , have it your way .
I ’ m going to fix us something to eat , and while we ’re here you need to take a shower . ” “ Yes , mother . ”
I laughed .
“ With Galen not here , someone has to keep you in line , ” she teased .
Jenna made her way to the kitchen while I searched for the blueprint in Galen ’s office .
I found it on his desk , still with the red tag around the top .
I took it into the kitchen and began working on it while Jenna busied herself with the cooking .
Galen and I finished the layout together , and I watched him while he drew all of the different components to each room of the cabin .
I knew I could change it , and I knew Galen would love it .
The aroma of spices that came from the kitchen wafted across my nose and made my mouth water .
Jenna finished up , and it was n’t long before she brought over two plates of food and sat one down in front of me .
My stomach growled and I sighed .
“ I did n’t realize how hungry I was or how much I missed actual food . ” “ Uh , maybe it ’s because you ’ve barely eaten in two days ?
I know it ’s because you ’ve been sick , so I ’ m not going to chastise you , but crackers and peanut butter could n’t satisfy you for long . ” “ The nausea is still there , but now that I know what it ’s from makes it more bearable .
It does n’t bother me as much , ” I revealed to her .
Jenna took a bite of her food and looked at the blueprint beside my plate .
“ Blueprints are n’t my thing , so what did you do to change it ? ”
I slid the paper closer to her so she could see it better .
I took a bite of the rosemary chicken on my plate and ended up devouring the whole thing in a matter of minutes while Jenna studied the blueprint .
“ Wow ! ”
Jenna said , sounding surprised .
She pushed the blueprint back over to me and smiled .
“ The layout looks great .
I ca n’t wait to go stay with you guys when the cabin gets done . ” “ You should see the land it ’ll be on .
We have our own waterfalls and everything .
As soon as I saw them I knew I wanted you out there so you could paint them for me . ” “ It sounds amazing .
I would love to go out there and paint .
Maybe it would give me some more inspiration , ” she noted .
“ Have you painted anything new ?
Any new galleries wanting your work ? ”
I asked .
“ I ’ve been so wrapped up in my own life that I had n’t even thought to ask about yours . ” “ I ’ve had some offers .
I ’ m still waiting on them to pan out , ” Jenna informed me .
“ I ’ m sure they will , and you know how I am .
I ’ll be at each and every opening you ’re featured at . ” “ I know , and I love you for it , Ducky , ” she replied sweetly .
We ate in silence , and not long after that I passed out on the couch because I could n’t keep my eyes open any longer .
The time must have flown by , because one minute I was sleeping and the next Jenna was shaking my shoulders .
“ It ’s time to go , ” Jenna whispered to me .
“ It ’s been almost five hours .
We need to get back to the hospital . ” “ Okay , ” I complied and jumped off the couch .
I was wide awake and ready to go ; it was time to find out the verdict of Galen ’s surgery .
Chapter Twenty - Two


“ Any news yet ? ”
I asked when I came through the door to the waiting room .
Brady and Elizabeth looked up to me and shook their heads .
Jenna went to sit by Brady while I took a seat by Elizabeth .
“ We have n’t heard anything , ” Elizabeth said sadly .
“ I hope it ’s going well in there . ” “ I ’ m sure we ’ll hear something soon , ” I told her , and as soon as those words left my mouth Jason came striding in .
We all stood and walked over to him quickly .
“ Everything went well , ” he said and smiled .
Everyone jumped for joy and laughed with excitement .
“ There are , however , some things we need to discuss , ” he began in a serious tone .
“ Now that Galen is out of surgery , the patient usually would stay in the hospital for about five days afterwards to help recover , but given this situation it ’ll all depend on when he wakes up .
Again , we do n’t know when that ’ll be .
He ’s getting ready to be moved out of intensive care , which means you can see him anytime you want . ” “ Oh , thank God , ” I prayed .
Jason smiled and continued to explain , “ As you know , transplants are not always perfect and sometimes they do n’t take .
Usually if the body rejects the kidney we ’ll see signs early on , but that ’s not always the case .
It can happen six months from now or a year .
No one knows .
I ’ m telling you this because you need to be prepared .
Most kidney transplants have about a ten year survival rate .
I ’ve seen someone live over twenty - five years with a transplanted kidney .
If failure begins to happen , he will have to go on dialysis or even have another transplant . ” “ And that ’s when I ’ll give him mine , ” I pointed out .
“ Damn Korinne , you ’re just dying to get rid of your kidneys are n’t you ? ”
Brady laughed .
“ Anything for my husband , ” I claimed whole - heartedly .
“ I hope it does n’t come to that , ” Jason added .
“ But if it does , I ’ m sure your kidney would be perfect , ” he said to me .
“ I ’ll have Sarah , my nurse , come in here when Galen is all settled in his new room . ” “ Thank you , ” Elizabeth said to Jason while Brady shook his hand .
“ You ’re welcome .
I ’ m glad it ’s all working out , ” Jason replied .
I went over to Jason and wrapped my arms around him .
He was so much like my Carson it was scary .
With them being best friends , I guess it was hard not to rub off on each other .
“ Thank you .
I ’ m so glad it was you who took care of him , ” I said softly .
“ I ’ m glad it was me , too . ”
He leaned down to whisper in my ear , “ I need to talk to you .
Can you come to my office ? ” he asked .
Pulling out of his arms , I looked into his face , but could n’t decipher his emotions at that moment .
Replying , hesitantly , I said , “ Sure . ”
What was he going to tell me that he could n’t tell me there ?
Following him to his office , I contemplated everything in my mind that he could possibly be getting ready to tell me .
I came up blank every time .
Once we got to his office , he opened the door and shut it behind us .
“ You ’re scaring me , Jason .
What ’s going on ? ”
I asked .
He motioned for me to sit while he took the seat across from me .
“ It ’s nothing bad per se , but I thought you would like to know what happened .
I did n’t want to broadcast this information around to everyone in the waiting room . ” “ What is it ? ”
I asked curiously .
Jason took a deep breath and let it out slowly .
“ As you know , Galen was going to be put on a waiting list for his kidney . ”
I nodded .
“ Yes , that ’s what I was told , but then something happened and that changed . ” “ That ’s correct . ”
He paused .
“ I wanted to tell you what happened . ”
At my questioning glance , he continued , “ Yesterday we had a patient brought in by her husband saying she was complaining of an extreme headache .
She had passed out in the car on the way over here and when we examined her it was too late . ”
The anguish in his eyes was apparent , and it was the same look I would see on Carson ’s face when he ’d lose a patient .
“ She died of a brain aneurysm , ” Jason said .
Gasping , I put my hand over my mouth .
“ Oh no , ” I cried .
“ So is that how you got Galen a kidney ? ”
Jason nodded .
“ It is .
When her husband signed the papers , he agreed to let us take her organs .
She was a young , healthy female and when we told him about how she could save the life of another he was more than willing to agree .
He did n’t want anyone going through the pain he was going through . ”
Laying my head in my hands , I cried .
I cried for the loss of another human being , for the man that lost his wife , for Galen , and for Carson .
My heart hurt for them all .
I was thankful Galen got his kidney , but my heart shed tears for the other man .
I knew his pain , and I knew his loss .
“ Can you give me his name ? ”
I asked Jason .
“ I ’ m sorry , Korinne , but I ’ m not at liberty to give his name out .
If you want , I can always give him your information .
When , and if , he ’s ready to ever come in contact with you he can .
He ’s in a sad place right now , and I know he needs this time to mourn his wife .
I know you understand . ” “ Of course , ” I agreed .
“ Please tell him how sorry I am , and also how grateful I ’ll always be for this . ” “ I will . ”
Jason smiled .
“ Now go see your husband .
I ’ m sure he ’ll be waking up soon .
He has a lot more to live for now , and he does n’t even know it yet . ”
Grinning widely , I nodded .
“ Yes , he does . ”
Leaving Jason ’s office , I secretly wished I knew who the man and his wife were that saved Galen ’s life .
Maybe one day I would find out , but at that moment I could n’t have been more thankful .
Chapter Twenty - Three


“ Wow !
You have an amazing setup here , ” Sarah said as she walked in the door .
I finished placing the last ornament on the tree and turned to her .
“ Hey , Sarah .
Yeah , I was hoping we were going to be at home for Christmas , but unfortunately , we ’re not , ” I said , looking toward the bed where Galen was lying .
Sarah frowned and looked over at Galen .
“ His numbers are good though .
The tests are coming back normal and the transplant seems to be doing well . ”
I sighed .
“ I know .
Every morning I keep saying it ’s going to be the day , but then it never is . ” “ Maybe you ’ll get a Christmas miracle .
After all , miracles do happen , ” she added , glancing down at my stomach .
Looking down , I smiled .
“ Yeah , you ’re right .
They do happen , but I fully give credit for this little tyke in here to Galen , ” I said , rubbing my belly .
It was still flat , but in a few months I ’d be showing .
I could n’t wait .
“ I see you brought the tree and everything . ”
Sarah laughed .
“ Of course .
We could n’t have Christmas without the tree .
Other than his birthday , Galen ’s favorite day is Christmas .
My mom even made his favorite Christmas snack in hopes he ’d wake up for them .
I have a whole tin of them waiting to be eaten . ”
Sarah looked at me and smiled .
“ Galen would be crazy not to wake up .
I ca n’t wait for him to find out about the baby .
Although , when he wakes up , I have to admit I ’ m going to be sad to see you go .
I ’ve enjoyed talking to you while you ’ve been here . ” “ Ohh … ”
I drawled out while pulling her in for a hug .
“ I feel the same way .
It ’s been great hearing stories about Carson , and getting to know you . ” “ And the same for you , ” she replied .
“ So where is everyone ? ” “ They ’ll all be back in a couple of hours .
Galen ’s mom refused to eat cafeteria food on Christmas day , so she ’s making dinner and bringing me a plate .
She also said that the baby needed to eat something healthy . ” “ Well , she ’s right .
You know how mothers and mother - in - laws can be pushy sometimes , but at least you know they care , ” she said to me .
Looking down at her watch , her eyes went wide .
“ Oh hell , I need to hurry .
I have to go clock in or I ’ll be late .
I ’ll see you in a little bit ? ” “ I ’ll be here , ” I answered warmly .
Once she was gone , I went to sit by Galen ’s bed .
All of the gauze had been removed , so he did n’t look like a mummy anymore .
I took his hand in mine and leaned over to kiss him gently on the lips .
“ Merry Christmas , sweetheart , you will not believe the amount of peanut butter balls my mother made for you .
I swear you ’ll have a ton of them to last for weeks .
I ’ll make a deal with you … if you wake up , I promise not to eat them all . ”
I waited for him to banter along with me , but he did n’t .
Taking the tin from the table , I opened it to reveal the chocolaty goodness inside .
“ So help me , if you wake up over this my mom will never let me live it down , ” I said out loud to myself .
The scent of peanut butter filled the room and I fanned it across Galen ’s nose , thinking he would wake up .
“ All right , Galen , here goes peanut butter ball number one disappearing into my mouth . ”
I placed it in my mouth and moaned the whole time I chewed it .
It did n’t work , but it sure did taste good .
“ Peanut butter ball number two , here it comes , ” I said lifting it to my mouth .
“ You ’ll make yourself sick eating all of that chocolate , Korinne , ” Elizabeth teased .
I turned and smiled as Brady and Jenna came in carrying huge boxes alongside her .
“ You know my brother is going to be pissed if you eat all of his peanut butter balls , ” Brady warned , but then burst out laughing .
“ Oh never mind , go ahead .
He deserves it after keeping us waiting for so long . ”
After Galen ’s accident I had come to the conclusion that Brady joked like that to brush off how he truly felt .
I could see it in his eyes that he worried for his brother .
“ That ’s why I was taunting him , in hopes he would wake up . ”
I sighed .
Jenna piped in and said , “ You know your mother will never let you live it down if he wakes up over the peanut butter balls . ” “ I know . ”
I laughed .
“ I was just thinking the same thing . ” “ How about we eat some dinner and sing Galen some Christmas carols ? ”
Elizabeth suggested .
“ It is Christmas after all . ” “ I think that ’s a great idea , ” I murmured .
The boxes they brought in were all filled to the brim with food and presents .
I stood there frozen , watching all of them pull out the contents .
“ Oh my , ” I breathed .
“ Did you bring the whole kitchen ? ” “ I told Mom she was overdoing it , ” Brady chimed in . Jenna was off to the side and nodded her head behind Elizabeth ’s back , agreeing with Brady .
I stifled a laugh and that earned us all a scowl from Galen ’s mother .
“ You ca n’t tell me you all would have rather ate cafeteria food ? ” she asked , looking at us all .
When no one answered she smiled triumphantly .
“ That ’s what I thought . ”
Once everything was taken out of the boxes , we all grabbed a plate of food .
The morning sickness still knocked me on my ass at times , but nothing could stop me from eating the plate of food in my hands .
“ What are we going to do if he does n’t wake up ? ”
Brady asked .
Everyone paused to stare at him , completely taken aback by the question .
“ I mean , there is a possibility that he wo n’t .
I just wanted to know what we would do , ” he stated quietly .
They all turned to look at me then .
I guess to see what I was going to say .
Looking at them I said , “ He ’s going to wake up .
I ca n’t afford to think otherwise . ” “ Of course he ’s going to wake up , Ducky , but it does n’t hurt to have a backup plan if things do n’t work out , ” Jenna replied .
I got up from the table to go to Galen ’s bedside .
“ I understand that , but it ’s Christmas .
We need to celebrate the good things right now and not the bad . ”
Everyone smiled at me and nodded their heads .
The mood was lightened for the time being , but I would have to face the choice eventually if Galen did n’t wake up .
“ How about we sing some songs ? ”
I suggested , thinking maybe it would get us in the Christmas spirit .
We crowded around the bed and sang Christmas songs to Galen until we could sing no longer .
Nurses that passed by the room even came in and sang with us .
The time eventually began to get late and it was wearing down on us all .
Our hope for Galen waking up on Christmas day was slowly diminishing with the passing time .
Deep down , I thought it would ’ve been Christmas that would pull him from his slumber .
“ Korinne , honey , I ’ m going to go home and get some rest , ” Elizabeth said .
“ I ’ll be back in the morning .
Make sure you call me if anything changes . ” “ Will do .
Are you all leaving ? ”
I asked , looking at everyone .
Jenna gave me a hug and nodded .
“ We ’re all exhausted and you look like you could use some sleep , too . ” “ I know , but I ’ m staying here with Galen . ” “ We know , ” she whispered .
“ Merry Christmas , Ducky . ” “ Merry Christmas , Twink . ”
Once they left , I settled into the recliner by the bed and covered up with a blanket .
That is how I slept for the past two weeks , curled up on the recliner , holding Galen ’s hand on the bed .
Christmas night was going to be no different .
I had n’t slept well since the accident , but sitting there exhausted and tired , I fell into a deep and dream - filled sleep .


“ What are you doing , love ? ”
Galen asks .
Turning around abruptly , I see Galen coming up behind me .
“ Oh my God , Galen ! ”
I yell excitedly .
Running to him , he catches me into his arms and I plant my lips fiercely onto his .
He feels so real , so solid .
“ Are you really here ? ”
I ask .
Galen laughs and takes my face into his hands .
“ Of course I ’ m here , why would n’t I be ? ”
I ran my hands over his face , his arms , and over his stomach .
There were no bandages , no broken bones … nothing wrong at all .
“ You ’re not real , ” I cry .
“ Babe , you ’re not making any sense .
I ’ m standing here right in front of you .
You ’re touching me and I ’ m touching you .
How could I not be real ? ” “ This is a dream , Galen .
I ’ve wanted to dream about you for weeks , and now this is my chance … my chance to spend time with you . ”
I wrap my arms around his waist and bury my face in his chest .
He smells like he always does and I breathe him in deeply .
“ Please come back to me , Galen . ”
The tears come harder and I grip onto him to keep me in the dream , with him .
“ Do n’t cry , my love .
I will never leave you . ” “ But you do n’t know what ’s happened , ” I said sadly .
Galen lifts my chin and kisses me on the lips , shaking his head .
“ It does n’t matter .
I promised you I would never leave you and I will always keep my promises to you . ”
He takes his hand and places it on my cheek .
Lifting my hand , I intertwine my fingers with his to keep his hand in place and to savor any and all contact with him while he ’s awake in my dream .
“ I love you so much , Galen . ”
He stares deep into my eyes and smiles .
“ And I love you . ”


“ Korinne , wake up . ” “ No , I have to stay with Galen .
I ca n’t leave him , ” I said out loud with my eyes still closed .
I wanted desperately to fall back into the dream .
The fogginess had begun to clear and my eyes snapped open .
“ A dream , it was all a dream , ” I whispered .
“ Korinne . ”
The sound of my name stopped me cold .
The voice was achingly familiar , and it was a voice I had n’t heard in weeks .
Breathing a sigh of relief , I closed my eyes and asked , “ Are you real ? ”
I waited for a few seconds and then I heard the voice again .
Surely I could n’t be delusional ?
“ Let ’s see .
I ’ m in the hospital with two casts and some broken ribs .
I only know that about the ribs because it hurts like hell trying to breathe .
Although , I do feel a little messed up .
It must be the pain meds . ”
The grip on my hand tightened and I gasped .
My eyes shot to the bed , and there he was , a smiling and wide - awake Galen .
I was up in a quick second and showered him in kisses , my hugs , and my love .
“ Maybe I should get hurt more often , ” he mumbled against my lips .
“ That ’s not funny , ” I argued .
“ I was so scared . ” “ What happened to me ? ” he asked , sounding confused .
“ I remember the car and that ’s about it . ”
His voice sounded dry , so I poured him a cup of water .
“ Here , drink this , ” I said while holding the cup for him .
“ Thank you . ” “ You were out for about three weeks .
Hence , the Christmas tree , ” I responded , pointing to the tree .
“ How is my family ? ” he asked .
I glanced at the clock and smiled .
There was only thirty minutes left until midnight .
I groaned and lowered my head , thinking about how my mother was definitely going to tease me .
“ What is it ? ” “ Well , first your family is fine .
They actually left not too long ago .
I ’ve stayed here every night since you got out of intensive care .
My mother , however , is never going to let me forget about this day . ” “ Why is that ? ” he asked curiously .
“ You see that tin over there ? ”
I said , pointing to the red Santa tin on the table .
“ Well , that whole thing is full of your favorite Christmas snack from my mother . ” “ That whole thing is full of peanut butter balls ? ” he asked in awe .
His eyes were as wide as could be and I could n’t help but laugh .
“ Yes , well anyway , my mother tried to say that you would wake up if she made them for you .
I actually tried bribing you with them . ” “ Did you now ? ” he asked , trying to laugh , but grabbed his side , hissing in pain .
“ Maybe you should n’t laugh ? ”
I pointed out .
“ Yeah , it ’s a bad idea , ” he ground out .
“ I ’ m curious though , how did you bribe me ? ”
I smiled and turned my head .
“ I said I would eat them all if you did n’t wake up . ” “ You could have them all and I would n’t care right now .
I may have been out for the count , but I know I missed you .
I can feel it , ” he admitted softly .
“ Oh , Kori , I ’ m so sorry .
I should n’t have taken the bike out .
I should n’t — ” Putting my fingers to his lips , I shook my head and cut him off .
“ It is I who needs to apologize .
If I was n’t sick you would n’t have left to get me medicine . ” “ I could n’t stand to see you suffer , ” he cried .
A tear escaped the corner of his eye , and I wiped it away .
“ I ’ m fine now .
You have nothing to worry about . ” “ What damage did I go through ? ” he asked wearily .
“ Oh my , I think you went through everything .
First off , you had a head injury which led to the coma .
You broke your leg , arm , and three ribs all on your right side .
Your leg will have some scarring from the road rash , and lastly , you needed a kidney transplant . ”
I took in a deep breath and let it out quickly .
That was a lot to say in one breath .
Galen stared at me in surprise .
“ Wow !
I guess I got lucky . ” “ I would n’t call any of that being lucky , ” I mumbled .
“ I was n’t referring to that .
I was saying I was lucky that I got a kidney so fast .
Most people have to wait for those things , do n’t they ? ” “ They do , but yours came by surprise , ” I confessed to him .
“ How is that ? ”
When the tears started forming in my eyes , his face fell and he began to look angry .
“ Korinne , you did n’t , did you ?
Please tell me they did n’t use your kidney . ”
I lifted our intertwined hands and placed a finger to his lips .
“ I was going to give you one of my kidneys , but it did n’t work out . ” “ Thank goodness for that , ” he sighed .
Giving him an evil look , he shied away .
“ I ’ m sorry , I should n’t have said that .
So whose kidney did I get ?
It could n’t have been my mother or my brother .
Did Jenna do it ? ” he asked .
“ No , ” I said , shaking my head .
“ Then who ? ”
Taking a deep breath , I sighed .
“ There was a woman that passed away a couple of weeks ago .
She died while you were here , and she happened to be your same blood type .
Her husband gave the hospital permission for them to give you her kidney . ”
He opened his mouth to speak and then shut it .
He did that a few times until he finally got the words out .
“ Oh wow , I ca n’t imagine how hard that must have been for him . ” “ I know , ” I cried .
“ Do you know who the woman was or her husband ? ” he asked .
Shaking my head , I said , “ No , Jason would n’t tell me .
I told him to give the husband my information so I could talk to him someday , but I doubt the man will call . ”
Galen shrugged .
“ Probably not , but it would be nice to tell him how thankful we are .
I know I would love to thank him .
So who ’s this Jason you ’re talking about ? ”
I smiled .
“ Jason Andrews is your doctor and surgeon .
He did both surgeries , the one on your skull and the one with your kidney .
He used to also be one of my good friends .
You ’ll meet him soon . ”
We sat in silence for a second while Galen seemed to be contemplating something .
“ Would you have really given your kidney to me ? ” he finally asked .
“ Of course I would .
You would have done the same for me , would n’t you ? ”
I asked incredulously .
“ In a heartbeat .
So why could n’t they use yours ?
I thought we had the same blood type . ” “ We do , ” I smirked .
“ But there was a reason why . ”
I let go of his hands and walked over to pick up the blueprint from under the small Christmas tree .
“ What are you doing ? ” he asked and smiled .
“ I ’ m giving you your present …
Merry Christmas ! ”
I shouted and handed him the blueprint .
“ Oh no , we were supposed to turn this in to the builders weeks ago , ” he groaned .
“ It ’s okay .
I had to make some changes , ” I assured him .
He narrowed his eyes and said , “ But I thought we finished it . ” “ We did , ” I replied .
I said no more after that because I was too excited watching him unroll the blue print .
He was going to find a major surprise inside .
When it was completely unrolled , the picture taped inside caught his attention .
He took the picture off and narrowed his eyes at the layout .
Glancing back and forth , he looked confused .
“ Are we adopting ? ” he asked , looking at me .
“ I swear this extra room says it ’s going to be a nursery . ”
I smiled .
“ No , we ’re not adopting . ” “ Then why do we need a nursery ?
This picture is of a baby , right ?
Or at least it looks like one , ” he joked .
I took the picture and placed it over my stomach , looking down at what was the image of our child .
When I glanced up , Galen had tears in his eyes .
“ Please tell me this is true , ” he cried .
I nodded excitedly .
“ It ’s true , Galen . ”
He held his arms out and I gently leaned down on him .
“ I would do anything to be able to hold you tight right now .
I ca n’t believe we ’re having a baby .
You have no idea how happy this makes me . ” “ Believe me , I do .
It did n’t seem real at first , but it is .
You gave this miracle to me , ” I sobbed whole - heartedly .
“ No , my love , we gave it to each other . ”
We held each other , crying and laughing for hours , and when the sun came up it shone through the blinds .
A new dawn and a new beginning was what were in store for us .
“ I guess we should call your family now ? ”
I suggested .
“ I hope they do n’t get mad that we did n’t call them as soon as you woke up . ” “ Yes , we need to call them .
I ’ m sure they ’ll understand why we did n’t call them sooner .
We needed that time together . ”
When I was about to pick up the phone to call his family , Galen stopped me .
“ I love you , Korinne .
I would have fought to the end of time to come back to you . ” “ I know you would have , but you ’re here now , and we have so many new experiences we need to share with each other . ”
I paused to stare into his bright blue eyes , the eyes I ’d missed seeing for so long .
“ And I love you .
Now that you ’ve fulfilled your promise to come back to me , it looks like you ’re stuck with me … and our child . ”
Galen smiled .
“ I think I can live with that . ”
Chapter Twenty - Four


I did n’t remember much about the coma .
It was like I was in a void , neither here nor there .
It was like a passing of time where I was non - existent , and not even a part of the world .
Ten months have passed , and my body is just beginning to feel normal .
Being told of the repercussions was really scary .
Not knowing how long my kidney was going to last was the biggest thing .
I wanted to live , and I wanted to be there for Korinne and the baby .
My therapy came from Korinne and my little girl .
Looking at them every day reminded me of how I needed to push through the obstacles and move through the pain .
My leg still ached from time to time , but it was manageable .
I hobbled around for a few months on it until I regained the strength in my muscles .
I sold my other motorcycle and promised Korinne I would never ride again .
Now that I had a family of my own , I could n’t risk getting hurt .
Our daughter was almost three months old and we named her Anna .
When Korinne went into labor in the middle of the night we still had no clue what we were going to name her .
I was so ecstatic to be having a child of my own that we could have named her anything and I would ’ve been happy .
Once she came out and we saw her for the first time , the name kind of slipped out .
It felt right , so we named her Anna Grace Matthews after both of our mothers .
We took each of their middle names and combined them together .
They were both ecstatic when they found out .
Other than Korinne , Anna was the most beautiful girl I ’d ever seen .
She had blonde curls and bright blue eyes , and the first time she smiled at me I was whipped .
So now I have two women that I fawn over all the time .
I went back to work fairly quickly after getting out of the hospital .
Korinne ’s name was still a growing commodity , and she stayed super busy until our daughter was born .
Anna now had her own little nursery corner in our office .
Needless to say , the office sex was put on hold for a while .
Most days we were too exhausted to even think about it .
“ Mr .
Matthews ? ”
Rebecca said while poking her head through the door .
I looked up and smiled .
“ What , no intercom today ? ”
She opened the door fully and laughed .
“ I ’ m so used to not using it now since the baby stays here sometimes . ” “ Yeah , Korinne took the day off to spend it with her parents .
They ’re in town to see the baby . ” “ Oh that ’s nice .
I know she does n’t get to see her family much .
I bet they just go crazy over that little girl of yours .
She ’s so adorable , ” Rebecca cooed .
“ Yes she is , ” I said while grinning at Anna ’s baby picture on the desk .
“ Oh yeah , I came in to tell you that Jenna is on the phone .
She said she tried to call your cell phone , but it did n’t go through for some reason . ” “ I wonder why she ’s calling .
What line is it ? ”
I asked .
“ She ’s on line two , ” she said and closed the door behind her .
I picked up the phone and pressed line two .
“ Jenna ? ” “ Hey , Galen , how are you ? ” she responded nervously .
“ I ’ m fine , how are you ? ” “ Well , ” she paused .
“ We have a problem , or maybe not exactly a problem , but in a way I guess it is if … ” “ Stop babbling and tell me , ” I interrupted her .
“ You know how I was supposed to hold your painting for you until your anniversary ? ” “ Yes , ” I groaned knowing something was wrong .
“ What ’s wrong with it ? ” “ It ’s not here , ” she blurted out .
“ What do you mean it ’s not there ? ” “ I have something to tell you and I know your anniversary is only a couple weeks away , but you need to hear this , ” she said excitedly .
Chapter Twenty - Five


Getting a good night ’s sleep felt amazing .
It had been a while since I was able to sleep all night .
Our cabin had been finished a couple of months ago , so Galen and I had decided to spend our anniversary weekend there .
I could n’t wait until we could move to the mountains permanently .
When Galen opened his eyes , I wrapped my arms around his waist .
“ Is it bad that I enjoyed sleeping in ? ”
I asked , stifling a yawn .
Galen blinked a few times and turned to face me .
“ No , it ’s not bad .
I quite enjoyed it myself . ” “ It was nice of your mother to take the baby for the weekend . ” “ My mother would keep Anna every day if we asked her to .
She only ever had boys , so being around a little girl is heaven for her .
You know she wants to move up here , close to us when we make the move . ” “ I can understand that .
She ’ll be alone in Charlotte if she does n’t .
We would also have a babysitter if she moved up here . ”
I grinned .
Galen laughed .
“ Yes , we would . ” “ So what is the big surprise tonight ? ”
I asked .
“ I have to say that I had n’t been able to figure it out .
For the first time in my life I ’ll admit that I failed . ”
Galen teased , “ It kills you that you do n’t know , does n’t it ? ” “ You have no idea . ”
Looking over at the clock , Galen sighed .
“ Well , since we slept till noon we might need to start getting ready . ” “ Yeah , I guess you ’re right .
It ’ll be nice to take a long , hot shower without interruption . ”
Galen ’s eyes gleamed in the light and he bit his lip enticingly .
“ You know , we do n’t have to leave for another three hours .
How about I join you in the shower ? ” “ You did n’t get enough last night ? ”
I asked , biting my lip in return .
He shook his head .
“ Never will I ever get enough of you . ”
I trailed a finger over his bare , rippled chest until my hand slid underneath the covers to the hardness of his groin below .
Teasing him , I ran my hand up and down it a couple of times before I jumped out of bed and headed to the shower , laughing the whole way .
“ Tease ! ” he yelled .
I got the water all nice and hot and climbed into the shower , waiting for him to join me .
Only seconds later he came into the bathroom and I could see his blurry , bare form through the shower doors .
Pulling open the screen , he stood there , all glorious with his hard cock pointing straight up in the air .
I bit my lip and moved back to give him more space to enter .
The water poured and glistened over Galen ’s body and I found it amazingly sexy .
I did n’t know what it was about wet skin that looked so enticing , but at that moment I was wet and ready to go .
“ We have n’t had shower sex in a really long time , ” he murmured with a deep , husky tone to his voice .
“ I know .
I think the last time was on our honeymoon , ” I admitted .
“ I think we might need to change that , ” he growled before claiming my lips .
He moved from my lips and went straight down to my breasts .
Sucking on my nipple , he glided his fingers to my core and entered me gently , growing more rapid with each thrust .
I moaned and placed my hands on the shower walls to keep my balance .
My knees went weak and I did n’t know how long I was going to last .
When Galen released my breast , he moved up to my neck , kissing along the way .
He turned me around so my back faced his body , and he pushed me up against the shower wall , firm and full of passion .
“ You are so damn sexy , ” he whispered in my ear from behind .
I leaned forward against the shower wall and spread my legs , ready for him to take me .
His cock was so hard up against my ass , and I ached to feel him inside me .
“ Now who ’s the tease ? ”
I asked .
Groaning in my ear , he nipped my earlobe .
His hands reached around to the front of my body ; one massaged my breast while the other rubbed on my nub .
I moaned in heightened pleasure and opened myself up even more for him to take me .
When I felt him moving closer I knew it was time .
He pushed in deeply and gave me all he had , stretching me and filling me to the point it almost hurt , but a good kind of hurt .
His fingers moved in tune with his thrusts , giving me the maximum pleasure .
“ You feel so good , ” Galen moaned .
“ All tight and hot wrapped around my cock . ” “ So do you , ” I whispered breathlessly .
I could feel myself getting close the way my core tightened .
Galen gripped me harder across the chest and pulled me closer while he pumped harder , getting closer to the edge .
“ Oh my God , Galen , I ca n’t hold out any longer ! ”
I screamed out in ecstasy .
“ Oh hell , ” he groaned in my ear .
The orgasm came swiftly and it rocked my body hard while Galen rode his out inside of me .
We stood there for a few seconds to let the hot water relax us and for us to catch our breath .
Galen pulled out gently and turned me around .
His gorgeous blue eyes peered into mine and he smiled .
“ That felt amazing . ” “ It always does , ” I said before kissing his wet lips .
“ Happy Anniversary , Galen . ”


Once we got in the car and headed on our way , I spent the majority of the time trying to guess where Galen was taking me .
“ Are we going to the Biltmore House ? ”
I asked when I saw the Asheville sign .
Galen rolled his eyes .
“ You ’re relentless , you know that ?
No , we ’re not going to the Biltmore House . ” “ Am I wearing you down yet ? ”
I teased , waggling my eyebrows .
“ Nope , you can keep guessing for all I care , because I ’ m not going to tell you .
Besides , we ’re almost there .
I ’ m sure you can wait another couple of minutes , ” he told me with a smirk on his face .
When Galen pulled into the parking lot of our destination I was excited to see that we were at one of the most glorious art museums in Asheville .
“ Oh Galen , this is perfect , ” I sighed happily .
“ Wait until we go inside , ” he said with a twinkle in his eye .
“ Uh - oh , you ’re up to something . ”
He laughed and took my hand .
“ Me ?
Up to something ?
Never . ”
He led me up the steps to the museum door and I was shocked to see that there inside the lobby was Jenna and Brady .
What were they doing there , I thought to myself .
They motioned for us to join them , so we opened the door and headed inside .
After pulling Jenna in for a hug , I asked , “ What are you guys doing here ? ” “ We ’re here to crash your anniversary , ” Brady joked , laughing .
I smiled .
“ That does n’t surprise me . ” “ Do n’t listen to him , ” Jenna whispered in my ear .
“ They ’re here because I invited them , ” Galen admitted .
“ Since they introduced us in college , I thought it was fitting they were here on our anniversary . ” “ Sounds good to me , ” I agreed .
“ I ca n’t wait to see what they have here . ” “ I hear they just got some new pieces in , too , ” Brady informed us with a slight grin to his face .
Before I could ask what he was up to , Jenna took over .
“ Shall we go in ? ” she said , leading the way into the museum .
Galen grabbed my hand and we followed her .
“ Do n’t we need to pay ? ”
I asked as we walked past the admission desk .
Jenna waved at the man behind the counter , who smiled and waved her through .
“ No , I got it covered , Ducky . ”
I squeezed her on the shoulder .
“ You did n’t have to do that , but it was really sweet of you .
Thank you . ”
She smiled at me , and then she and Brady took off in their own direction .
I ’ m sure we would catch up with them later .
As soon as we turned the corner , my eyes lit up in wonder .
When you were an art fanatic like myself it was hard not to get chills when you saw it all before you , especially being at a museum you ’d never been to before , and in this case I was shivering from the chills .
“ Wow , ” I whispered .
“ Exactly , ” Galen agreed .
He liked art as well , but not as much as me .
Galen held my hand as we made our way through the museum in silence .
Nothing would ever beat our dinner date at the museum back home , but this one was one I would never forget either .
Two hours passed by and we still were n’t done exploring the wonderment of the art .
I would stay in those museums for hours if they would let me .
“ We have one exhibit left , ” Galen said softly .
“ It ’s all been amazing .
I do n’t want to leave . ”
I sighed .
He laughed .
“ We can always come back , love .
I ’ m sure once you see your surprise you ’re going to want to come back here often . ” “ What kind of surprise for me would be in an exhibit ? ” “ You ’ll see . ”
He smiled handsomely at me .
We hurried to the last exhibit , and as soon as we entered into the room not only did the paintings look familiar , but one stuck out at me above the rest .
It called to me , and I could n’t take my eyes away from it .
I walked toward it slowly , nothing existing except Galen , me , and that painting .
The tears were building , and I let them fall without shame .
The memory of that day captured on the canvas before me came rushing back full force .
“ Oh my … ”
I cried .
The tears slowly drifted down my cheeks and I stared mesmerized at the two people in the painting .
Galen came up behind me , wrapping his arms around me .
“ It ’s beautiful , is n’t it ? ” he whispered softly in my ear .
I nodded ever so gently and placed my hand over my mouth to keep in the sob .
“ How ? ”
I asked , lifting my gaze to his .
He smiled .
“ It was supposed to be an anniversary present to put up in our home , but — ” “ But I screwed up and it ended up here . ”
Jenna sighed from behind me .
Galen smiled and cut in , “ But when I found out they really wanted it here , I told Jenna to leave it . ”
Jenna came up to me and explained , “ Apparently , I had it stored with my paintings that were to be delivered here .
The director called me and said she fell in love with your painting .
I had no clue which one she was talking about until I realized I had misplaced yours and sent it here .
I ’ m sorry , but you have to admit it looks good up there . ”
I walked up as close as I could to the painting , aching to touch it .
The golden plate underneath it had the words ‘ Second Chances ’ engraved on it .
That right there had me bursting into tears .
The painting was of me and Galen out in the meadow where we had our picnics back in college .
It was a beautiful place , flowers as far as you could see and it was so quiet , so peaceful .
We were always the only ones there when we went , and it became our haven , a place that only we shared together .
As I stared at the expressions on our faces in the painting , I could feel the emotions pouring out of it .
We were sitting on the tailgate of Big Blue , each of us had one leg hanging off of the back while we faced each other , holding hands .
It was the exact moment and the exact time when Galen first told me he loved me and I him .
It was the same day we made love in the rain .
Jenna even had the storm clouds rolling in on the painting .
It was perfect … way beyond perfect .
“ How did you capture it so well ? ”
I asked her .
Jenna shook her head incredulously , “ I may not have been there , but I remembered the way you looked when you two were together .
It ’s the same way you look at each other now .
Also , your husband described that moment in full detail to me . ”
Galen smiled down at me when I gazed up into his eyes .
He whispered to me , “ It was a moment I knew I would never forget . ” “ And a moment I never forgot either , ” I murmured softly back to him .
“ I had Jenna call it ‘ Second Chances . ’
I thought it was fitting given our circumstances . ”
He paused to take my face in his hands , and I lifted mine to place over his , intertwining them .
“ I had a second chance at life , my love , ” he cried softly .
He had begun to lean his head down , so I tilted my head back to receive the kiss he was about to bestow on me .
Before our lips touched , I paused to say one more thing to him before sealing our night with a kiss .
They were words that came straight from my heart and soul , and from every fiber of my being .
His blue eyes stared intently into mine when I said , “ And I had a second chance at love .
You ’ve given me that love , a family , and a new life .
You will always be mine . ”
He smiled and whispered across my lips , “ Always . ”


The End Other titles by L.P. Dover


BREAKAWAY SERIES Hard Stick Blocked Playmaker Off the Ice FOREVER FAE SERIES Forever Fae Betrayals of Spring Summer of Frost Reign of Ice SECOND CHANCES SERIES Love ’s Second Chance Trusting You Meant for Me Fighting for Me Intercepting Love Catching Summer Defending Hayden Last Chance Intended for Bristol GLOVES OFF SERIES A Fighter ’s Desire : Part One A Fighter ’s Desire : Part Two Tyler ’s Undoing Ryley ’s Revenge Winter Kiss : Ryley & Ashley [ A Gloves Off Novella ] Paxton ’s Promise Camden ’s Redemption Kyle ’s Return ARMED & DANGEROUS SERIES No Limit Roped In High - Sided Hidden Betrayals ( Winter 2018 ) CIRCLE OF JUSTICE SERIES Trigger Target Aim In the Crossfire ( Coming Soon ) SOCIETY X SERIES Dark Room Viewing Room Play Room R0YAL SHIFTERS SERIES Turn of the Moon Resisting the Moon A VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS SERIES It Must ’ve Been the Mistletoe STANDALONE TITLES Love , Lies , and Deception Anonymous Going for the Hole CHILDREN ’S BOOKS – MOONLIGHT AND ALEENA SERIES Moonlight and Aleena : A Tale of Two Friends * * *


About the Author


New York Times and USA Today bestselling author L . P . Dover is a southern belle living in North Carolina with her husband and two beautiful girls .
Before she began her literary journey she worked in periodontics , enjoying the wonderment of dental surgeries .


She loves to write , but she also loves to play golf , go on mountain hikes and white - water rafting , and has a passion for singing .
Her two youngest fans expect a concert each and every night before bedtime , usually Christmas carols .


Dover has written countless novels in several different genres , including a children ’s book with her youngest daughter , but her favorite to write is romantic suspense .
However , she has found a new passion in romantic comedy , especially involving sexy golfers .
Who knew the sport could be so dirty and fun to write about .


You can find L.P. Dover at :


Facebook / L.P. Dover Amazon Barnes and Noble Smashwords Goodreads Acknowledgments


First and foremost , I want to thank the readers for their support and understanding .
My books would be nowhere without you , and I do n’t think there ’s any way I could ever thank you enough .
Also , I would n’t be able to follow my dream if it was n’t for my husband , Matt .
He ’s been there for me and actually helped give me ideas for Love ’s Second Chance .
Amanda , I have you to thank for introducing him to me .
I also want to thank my children for being patient with me .
I love you girls so much .
I want to thank my fellow indie authors for always being supportive .
I ’ve grown to cherish each and every one of you , and a lot of you have turned into really close friends .
Jenna , you ’re the best , and having you there with me through the good and bad has made an imprint on my heart .
I do n’t know what I would do without you .
I definitely ca n’t forget about my crazy friend , Kymberlee .
I want to thank you for getting me through my tough spots and always being there to help me .
I appreciate it and I ’ m so glad that I have you there to help guide me .
Amber , you have always been one of my biggest supporters and gone out of your way to help me out .
I ’ m lucky to have gotten to know you .
Last , but not least , my friend Jimie .
You ’ve been the best and done so much for me , never asking for anything in return .
You have a wonderful heart and you ’ve always been able to bring a smile to my face .







The Wedding Trap


By Adrienne Bell


Copyright Adrienne Bell


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2013 by Adrienne Bell


ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties .
Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited .
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written consent from the author / publisher .
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead , or places , events , or locales is purely coincidental .
The characters are products of the author ’s imagination and used fictitiously .


Table of Contents


Acknowledgements The Wedding Trap About the Author Excerpts


Acknowledgements


Nothing is ever created alone .
Big thanks to Rachael for being my ideal reader .
To Martha for sharing her wisdom and experience .
To Sophie for all her encouragement and feedback .
To Lynn and Lisa for everything .
I never could have done this without you .
And to Tom , you ’re not just my sweetheart , you ’re also one hell of a brainstorming partner .


Chapter 1


“ I ' m thinking of killing off Charlie , ” Beth Bradley said , leaning back into the overstuffed chair in the corner of Isobel Munoz ’s hotel suite .
“ No , you 're not . ” “ Yes , I am .
For real this time . ” “ You 've been saying that since we were in the seventh grade . ”
Beth grabbed her champagne from the side table .
She twirled the crystal flute between her fingers as she looked out the window at a magnificent view of the San Francisco Bay .
Isobel was right .
Of course she was .
She ’d always been the one with her head screwed on straighter .
And it showed .
Isobel had earned better grades in school .
She 'd landed a better job .
It was n't even worth going into how superior her taste in men was .
“ You ’re right , ” Beth conceded .
“ At the very least , I 've got to break up with him . ” “ Before the wedding ? ”
Isobel asked , turning slightly so the seamstress could continue pinning the hem of her gown .
Her voice was thick with disbelief .
Beth did n't blame her .
After all , how many times had they had this conversation ?
“ Why not ?
It 's as good a time as any .
Anyway , what difference does it make ?
I ' m going to be all alone on your wedding day .
I might as well be honest about why . ” “ Well , I guess there 's a first time for everything .
I ’ll just wait right over here while you call your mother and tell her the news . ”
A half - panicked laugh slipped from Beth ’s lips .
She turned her head away from the window , meeting Isobel 's gaze in the full - length mirror that had been set up in the spacious sitting room .
“ Yeah , maybe after is better , ” Beth said .
“ At the very least , it 's more realistic .
Let 's be honest , Beth , you ’re not giving up on Charlie at the moment you need him most , ” Isobel said .
Beth sighed and took another sip of her champagne .
Just a sip .
She ’d only had half a banana and a handful of grapes for breakfast .
It had been crackers and carrot sticks for lunch .
Come hell or low blood sugar , she was determined to fit into her bridesmaid dress Sunday morning .
“ You 're right , ” Beth said .
“ As always . ”
Isobel smiled at her in the mirror .
There was no malice in her eyes .
If anybody knew how Beth 's mind worked , it was her dearest friend .
“ I think that just about does it , ” the seamstress said .
“ Thank you so much . ”
Isobel turned around to face Beth .
“ Well , what do you think ? ”
Tears welled up in Beth 's eyes .
She could n't help it .
Sure , she 'd already seen Isobel in the elegant ivory gown at other fittings , and she 'd cried at every one of those too .
This round of last minute alterations was no different .
“ You look just beautiful , ” Beth choked out .
Isobel 's eyes turned glassy too .
“ Oh God , why did I ask you to be my maid of honor ?
If this is how we are today , how the hell are we going to be on Sunday ?
The second I see you crying , I ' m going to start . ” “ I wo n't cry at the ceremony .
I promise . ” “ Yeah , right .
I 'll believe you 've finally killed off Charlie before I believe that . ” “ It could happen , ” Beth said with a smile .
The moment was broken as Beth ’s phone started to skitter across the tabletop next to her .
She reached out to grab it , but stilled her hand the second that she saw the name on the screen .
“ Are you going to get that ? ”
Isobel asked .
“ It ’s my mother . ”
Beth waited for the call to go to voicemail .
Isobel shook her head .
“ You know she ’ll only call right back . ” “ Maybe she wo n’t this — ” The phone began to vibrate again .
“ Time . ”
Beth let her head fall forward before she looked up at Isobel .
“ Sorry . ” “ Do n’t bother apologizing to me .
You ’re the one I feel sorry for . ”
Isobel turned toward the seamstress and started going over the final alterations as Beth hit the accept button .
“ Hi , Mom , ” Beth said .
“ So you ’re not taking calls from your mother any longer ? ” the familiar , guilt - inducing voice said on the other end of the line .
“ No .
Of course not .
My phone was across the room .
I just could n’t get to it in time . ” “ So you say .
I was just calling to tell you that after a hellish plane trip , your father and I have finally made it to the hotel .
Where are you now , dear ? ” “ I ’ m in Isobel ’s room .
She ’s having her final fitting . ” “ Oh , how wonderful .
Tell me what room she ’s in , and I ’ll come right up . ”
Beth shot to her feet .
“ No . ”
There was a pause on the other end .
“ What do you mean , no ? ” “ Uh , I just mean that there ’s a lot of , um , stuff going on in here .
It ’s a little hectic . ”
Beth put her champagne down .
There was no way that she was going to let her mother blow into Isobel ’s room and ruin her friend ’s lovely moment with her own drama .
“ How about I meet you down in the lobby instead ?
You can tell me all about your trip over a nice , relaxing glass of wine ? ”
A long silence stretched on the other end of the line .
Beth held her breath .
“ A glass of wine does sound nice , ” her mother conceded .
“ Great .
I ’ll meet you down there in five minutes . ”
Beth hit the end button before her mother could change her mind .
“ I have to go , ” Beth said .
“ I heard , ” Isobel said .
“ I ’ll come down and save you just as soon as I can . ” “ Are you sure ?
You could hide out up here all night if you want .
There ’s no reason for both of us to get pulled into this pit of suffering . ” “ That ’s what friends are for , ” Isobel said with a shrug and a smile .
“ Besides , I told Jordan that I would meet him down there for drinks before dinner with the family this evening .
And you ’re family as far as I ’ m concerned . ”
Tears started to well up again in Beth ’s eyes .
“ I ’d hug you , but I ’ m afraid I ’d get you all wrinkly . ” “ Love you too , ” Isobel said .
Beth started for the door , but Isobel stopped her .
“ Hey , you might need that , ” she said , pointing to Beth ’s purse next to her half - full champagne glass .
“ Ah , thank you , ” she said , and went back over to get the purse .
She paused for a second and looked down at her champagne .
What the hell ?
She could use a little bracer before going down there .
She emptied it in three quick gulps .
Beth rushed down the long , ivory - papered hall to the elevator .
She hit the down button twice and waited .
And waited .
The Kensington Hotel was the Bay Area ’s oldest and most elegant hotel — emphasis on the oldest .
Usually , that was a big part of its charm .
But right now , waiting for the single elevator in the place to creak its way up to the fifth floor , it felt more maddening than charming .
Beth glanced toward the stairwell .
It probably was n’t the best idea .
She was feeling more than a little light - headed from downing that champagne on an empty stomach , and with her luck , the elevator doors would open the second she set foot on the stairs .
She glanced down at her phone .
Five minutes had already passed since she ’d hung up on her mother , which meant that she ’d be down there now , arms crossed and counting every extra second that she was late .
Beth went for the stairs .
She was only a little wobbly on her heels as she tore down the first two flights .
Her eyes were on her feet as she rounded the curve on the third , and she smashed into a wall .
At least that was what it felt like .
Her purse flew from her hands .
The contents spilled out all over the floor as she stumbled back a step .
Two strong hands wrapped around her arms , keeping her from tipping over and landing on her ass .
Beth looked up into the most gorgeous pair of ocean blue eyes she had ever seen .
Her jaw dropped open as she sucked in a breath .
The man standing in front of her was perfect — or damn near it .
He stood a little over six feet tall .
All his features — his cheeks and chin , his nose and brow — were strong without being sharp .
Even so , his lips were the only part of him that looked any kind of soft .
The barest hint of stubble outlined his jaw , but it somehow fit with his finely tailored designer suit and his tousled , dark , short - cropped hair .
“ Are you okay ? ” he asked after a long moment had passed .
Oh God .
She ’d been staring at him .
“ Yeah , I ’ m … um … ”
Great .
It was n’t enough that she ’d been ogling the poor man ; now she could n’t even string a sentence together .
Beth snapped her gaze down to her feet and saw everything she had been carrying strewn across the landing .
That brought her back to herself .
“ I ’ m sorry . ” “ It ’s all right , ” he said , finally letting go of her arms .
Beth bent and started picking up everything that had flown from her purse — her wallet , a pack of gum , her compact .
She was surprised when he did the same .
“ No , I ’ m really sorry .
I was in a hurry and was n’t watching where I was going .
My mind was someplace else .
My mother is waiting for me in the lobby , and she always makes me a little crazy .
Only this time I ’ m the one making myself crazy because I ’ m not sure if I should tell her the truth about something , or if I should just keep lying .
Well , at least through the weekend .
And … ”
Beth glanced up to see him on one knee , holding her lipstick and a pack of tissues in his open hand .
His eyes were steady on her , but the expression in them was guarded .
“ And , now you think I ’ m crazy . ”
Beth grabbed her things and stuffed them back in her purse .
She ran a hand down her skirt , smoothing it out , as she stood .
“ Thank you . ” “ You ’re welcome , ” he said .
Damn , even his voice was sexy , all low and rumbly .
“ And , I understand . ”
The mystery man started back up the stairs , leaving her dumbfounded on the landing .
“ You do ? ” she called after him .
He did n’t turn around .
“ Everybody ’s mom drives them crazy . ”
Beth took a few deep breaths before continuing down the stairs .
By the time she finally made it to the lobby , she was well and truly late .
She found her mother sitting on one of the antique Edwardian sofas .
Her back was straight , and her arms were crossed .
Not a good sign .
She arched her brows as Beth neared .
“ Sorry I made you wait .
I had a little accident on the stairs , ” Beth tried .
“ Of course you did , dear .
It ’s always something . ”
Beth sighed as she plopped down next to her mother .
“ Where ’s Dad ? ” “ Your father decided to stay in the room .
He wanted to rest before dinner .
The traffic from the airport was just awful .
I do n’t know how you put up with it every day . ” “ Well , it is five o’ clock on Thursday . ”
Her mother ’s brows pulled together .
“ What does that have to do with anything ? ” “ I ’ m just saying that it is n’t always that bad . ” “ If you say so . ”
Beth closed her eyes and bit into her lower lip .
It would n’t do any good to argue .
Not if she wanted this evening to get any better .
She blew out a long breath and pasted a wide smile on her face .
“ Did you want to go to the bar and get that glass of wine now ? ”
Her mother waved her hand .
“ There ’s no need .
Someone already went to get it for me . ” “ Someone went for you ?
Who ? ”
Her mother lifted her gaze to a spot across the wide marble lobby .
Beth turned her head to see who she was looking at .
The groan that she ’d been trying so hard to hold back since sitting down slipped out .
“ Oh no , Mother .
Do n’t tell me you asked him . ” “ I did n’t ask him , darling .
He offered .
Besides you should be thanking me .
If you play your cards right this weekend , you might just be able to get him to take you back . ” “ What are you talking about ?
I do n’t want him back , ” Beth said in a rushed whisper .
“ Do n’t be ridiculous .
He ’s handsome .
He ’s successful .
He ’s — ” “ A total sleaze bag . ”
Her mother shot her a piercing look .
“ You do n’t seem to mind his brother marrying Isobel . ”
Of course , she did n’t .
Jordan Masterson was a good man .
He was honest and kind .
Everything that his jerk of a brother , Spencer , was n’t .
There was n’t time to explain any of that to her mother before the man in question stepped in front of them holding two glasses of wine .
He handed one to her mother .
“ Thank you , Spencer darling , ” she said .
“ Wo n’t you sit down with us for a while ?
Beth here was just saying how happy she was to see you . ” “ Is that right ? ” he asked , quirking a brow .
He shot Beth a greasy look that made her empty stomach churn .
Too bad there was n’t anything in there to puke up all over his shiny shoes .
“ Hello , Spencer , ” Beth said through gritted teeth .
She knew this moment was coming .
It was unavoidable .
She was the maid of honor .
He was the best man .
But somehow she ’d convinced herself that she ’d be able to avoid her jerk - off ex - boyfriend .
At least until the rehearsal dinner .
He slowly looked her up and down .
His smirk said he was n’t impressed .
“ You look … well . ”
Beth 's smile tightened .
The guy with the spiked blonde hair and popped collar thought he could judge her appearance ?
Still , the night was n’t going to get any better if she threw gasoline on the fire .
Somebody had to take the high road .
It might as well be her .
“ How ’s your brother doing ? ” she asked .
“ Great . ” “ And your parents ? ” “ They ’re fine . ” “ That ’s good . ”
There .
She knew her manners .
She could be polite .
Hopefully , that would set the tone between them for the rest of the weekend .
“ I saw that you checked into your room alone , Beth .
No date for the wedding , eh ? ” he asked .
Or not .
“ Unfortunately , my boyfriend will be out of town on business this weekend . ”
And there it was .
How easily she caved .
It looked like she would n’t be killing Charlie off after all .
“ Ah , yes .
The elusive Charlie , ” her mother said .
“ I was hoping to meet him during this visit . ” “ So was I .
We ’ve been hearing about this boyfriend of yours for six months now , ” Spencer said , a wicked smile curling his lips .
“ Ever since you and I split . ” “ Yeah , well , his job keeps him really busy . ” “ Too busy to meet his girlfriend ’s family ? ” her mother asked .
“ Oh , do n’t feel singled out , Mrs . Bradley .
Nobody I know seems to have met him either . ”
Beth glanced down at her nails .
“ Isobel has . ” “ That ’s funny , ” he said .
“ She could n’t seem to find any pictures of him when I asked her .
Not on her phone .
Not on your Facebook page . ”
Beth ’s heart started to race .
“ He … he does n’t like to have his picture taken . ” “ That sounds believable . ” “ What ’s that supposed to mean ? ”
Beth asked , leaning forward , her hands visibly shaking .
“ I do n’t know , Beth .
You tell me . ”
Beth drew in a sharp breath .
She did n’t have to take Spencer ’s crap .
Even if it was the truth .
Especially since it was the truth .
Beth stood up .
“ I ’ m going to go get myself a drink . ” “ Yeah , why do n’t you do that , ” Spencer said .
She shot him a glare that only widened his smile .
He spread his arms behind him on the sofa .
A little grunt slipped from her lips as she turned .
She was only a few steps away when she heard the staccato beat of her mother ’s heels behind her .
“ Beth , wait , ” her mother said .
Beth only stopped once she ’d turned the corner and was out of Spencer ’s line of sight .
“ Why did you let him weasel his way onto that couch ?
You had to know he only wanted to torment me . ” “ Now , darling . ”
For a moment , Beth was drawn in by the look of real compassion in her mother ’s eyes .
“ At least now you know that he still thinks about you . ”
The moment quickly died .
“ I do n’t want Spencer thinking about me . ”
Impotent rage filled her chest .
What was the point of having a mother if she was n’t going to take your side ?
“ Did you know that he once told me that he would n’t have had to break up with me if I had only lost a couple of pounds ? ” “ Well , it ’s just a couple of pounds , dear .
I ’ m sure with a little willpower you can get them off in no time . ”
Beth threw her hands up toward the ceiling .
“ I ’ m walking away now , Mother . ” “ Where are you going ? ” “ I do n’t know , ” Beth called out behind her .
It did n’t matter where she went .
She just had to get away .
She thought for a moment about going back up to Isobel ’s room , but quickly discarded the idea .
It would be selfish of her to bring down her friend ’s happiness with her own petty problems .
And they were petty .
Beth knew it .
Just like she knew she had brought all of this grief on herself .
She strode past the bar and headed straight for the set of double doors at the end of the hall .
If she just got some air , maybe she could think a little clearer .
She had gotten herself into this mess .
Now she was going to have to figure a way out .


Chapter 2


Alex Tanner jumped over the short fence that separated the valet lot from the rest of the Kensington Hotel parking .
The cherry red BMW was n’t hard to find .
It was at the far edge of the lot , right up against the edge of the perfectly landscaped hill .
He did a quick scan of the area before approaching the car .
There was a cluster of people just outside the hotel entrance .
The small crowd that was milling around down by the corner looked like they were waiting for a bus .
A woman walking through the small garden to the right of the lot was the only person close enough to see his face , but she was busy looking down at her own feet , seemingly too absorbed by her own troubles to concern herself with him .
Alex kept walking and pressed the button on the keychain device in his pocket .
Every car alarm in a ten foot radius silently disabled .
The button next to it unlocked the doors .
A little B&E had never been easier thanks to his friends over at DARPA .
Alex opened the driver ’s side door , keeping one leg on the ground outside as he sat down on the leather seat .
He flipped both sun visors down .
Nothing .
He popped open the glove box .
Car manual .
Registration .
Insurance information .
That was it .
He was n’t surprised .
The chance of finding anything useful in the best man ’s car had been a long shot .
There were three more vehicles to check after this , and , though Alex was n’t holding out much hope for any of them , he still had to try .
His best bet had been the rooms , and he ’d already had the opportunity to go through three of the four — the groom ’s , the best man ’s , and the maid of honor ’s .
That only left the bride ’s .
She had been the only one who had n’t left her room today .
But a quick glance at the hotel restaurant reservation book had shown that she would be out for dinner in a little over an hour .
Not that Alex expected to discover anything .
Every piece of information they had on Isobel Munoz indicated that she had little contact with her father ’s family in Venezuela .
It was unlikely that she had any knowledge that her uncle was using her wedding as a cover to buy intelligence on the US strategic oil reserves from a leak in the CIA .
Unlikely , but not impossible .
That ’s why the Agency had shipped him all the way out from Virginia to partner with an old friend in the Department of Homeland Security on this one .
The DHS was taking care of Munoz .
With the man ’s violent past and strong ties to the most extreme anti - American factions of the Venezuelan government , it surprised Alex that he had been allowed into the country at all .
But apparently the DHS had felt that it was worth the risk to catch him in the act on American soil .
That way the international community would have to accept his capture .
His friend John had this place covered .
Besides the usual visual and audio surveillance , John and his team were wired to intercept and filter through every cellular transmission inside the walls of the Kensington Hotel .
Alex ’s role in the mission was clear .
He was here to find the CIA leak , plain and simple .
The Agency did n’t mind sharing information and helping out the Department of Homeland Security in taking down Munoz , but when it came to double agents , the Agency insisted on taking care of those on their own .
He took one more quick glance around the car .
He was n’t expecting to see any familiar names on the Munoz - Masterson invite list , but he was n’t ruling anything out .
Besides , he had a feeling that this was as close to exciting as this assignment was going to get .
Without a cover to insert himself into the wedding preparations , he would be spending the next three days sitting in the lobby doing some very basic recon work .
It would n’t be the most thrilling weekend that he ’d ever spent , but — “ Hey !
What do you think you ’re doing ? ”
Alex snapped his head up and looked out of the windshield .
The woman who had been strolling through the garden was now standing in front of the car .
It was n’t just any woman .
It was the one from the stairwell .
Beth Bradley .
Isobel Munoz ’s maid of honor .
She stood with her legs braced , fists on her hips , brows pulled together .
Alex knew she was trying her best to be threatening with the aggressive posture , but there was nothing menacing in the woman .
She was all round curves , from her flushed cheeks to the swell of her hips .
A long chestnut - brown ponytail bobbed behind her .
He could tell the instant that she recognized him .
Her shoulders fell .
Her expression softened , though there were still more than a few suspicious crinkles around the edges of her big brown eyes .
“ Hello , again . ”
Alex gave her a smile as he slid back out onto the pavement .
“ I just needed to get something out of my car . ” “ This is n’t your car , ” she said .
There was no quiver in her voice now . Damn .
Her eyes were still focused on his mouth , and her tongue snaked out to wet her bottom lip .
She felt an attraction to him , but she was n’t blinded by it .
Still , it was worth a shot to use it against her .
He widened his smile .
A few more of those tension lines disappeared .
“ Of course it is , ” he said with practiced authority .
“ No , it ’s not . ”
She was more sure .
“ Not unless there are two bright red Beemers with TOO HOTT vanity plates .
This is Spencer Masterson ’s car . ”
Alex kept his body loose as he shut the car door .
He crossed his arms and leaned his back against the BMW .
“ That would explain why I did n’t find what I was looking for , ” he said .
She held his gaze for a brief second before a look of real concern came over her face .
She looked down at her feet and took a step away from the car .
He could see the path of her thoughts clear enough .
If he was n’t the owner of this car , then what did that make him ?
Alex did n’t try to guide her decision either way .
It was a damn pain in the ass being caught breaking into a car , but he ’d been in worse situations .
Much worse .
He could deal with one neurotic bridesmaid .
“ Listen , ” she said , holding up her hands .
“ I do n’t care what you were doing with Spencer ’s car .
I really do n’t .
Whatever it was , you could n’t have picked a more deserving jerk to do it to .
Hell , I was imagining keying the damned thing as I was walking over here . ” “ Is that right ? ”
She glanced up at him , a hint of a guilty smile tugged at the corner of her mouth .
She was cute .
Not a bombshell , not long - legs - and - short - skirt gorgeous .
But a certain vulnerability combined with all of her soft features in a strangely attractive way .
“ I would n’t really have done it , ” she said .
“ Of course not . ”
Silence fell between them as it became obvious that she was n’t going to scream her head off for the police , and he was n’t going to pull a weapon .
Her shoulders relaxed even more as a calculating look appeared in her eyes .
At first , it was barely a glimmer of an idea , but Alex watched it grow until she was staring as boldly at him as he was at her .
She bit her lower lip , and teased it back and forth between her teeth .
It was obvious that she wanted to say something , was damned near desperate to say it , but she needed to build up the courage to get it out first .
Alex waited ; he did n't have to be anywhere for an hour , and he was starting to find this woman more than a little amusing .
It took her another half minute before she ’d gathered enough courage to open her mouth .
“ I was wondering if you might consider doing me a favor . ” “ A favor ? ” “ Yeah .
It 's not a big thing .
Well , not unless you consider lying a big thing .
But I figured that since you ’re a . . . ”
She waved her hand in a lazy circle in the direction of the car instead of saying the words .
Alex changed his mind .
She was damned amusing .
“ Well , anyway , I figured you might not mind , ” she continued .
“ What did you have in mind ? ” “ It would only take five minutes of your time . ”
She glanced back toward the entrance to the hotel , before risking a step closer to him .
“ Ten , tops . ”
A smile threatened to pull at the corner of Alex 's mouth , but he held it back .
“ Go on , ” he said .
“ I 've gotten myself into a little bit of trouble .
Just a little , nothing major .
Not like . . . ”
She waved her hand at him and the car again .
“ But still .
And I might be able to use you to help me get out of it . ” “ Use me ?
How 's that ? ” “ I just need you to pretend to be a guy named Charlie . ” “ Charlie ? ” “ For five minutes .
All you have to do is walk into the hotel with me , hold my hand a little , introduce yourself to my mother and a few other people , and say that you 're terribly sorry , but you ’re going out of town on business for the rest of the weekend .
That 's it . ”
She smiled at him expectantly , her eyes wide as she waited for his answer .
Alex pushed off the car .
“ You want me to pretend to be your boyfriend in front of your mother ? ” “ And my ex - boyfriend , Spencer . ” “ This Spencer ? ” he asked , inclining his head toward the Beemer .
She scrunched up her nose and two little lines creased the space between her brows .
“ Like I said , I 've gotten myself in a little bit of trouble . ” “ And you think they 'll believe it . ” “ Of course , they 'll believe it .
You make a perfect Charlie .
You 're tall .
In that suit you look like you ’re incredibly successful .
And you ’re every bit as gorgeous as I 've described him . ”
Alex arched a brow .
She did n’t blush .
She did n’t even bat an eye .
She was too lost in her plan .
“ Like you do n't know it , ” she added .
Alex took a step toward her .
She did n’t move away .
“ How do you know I wo n’t do something to hurt you between here and the entrance to the hotel ? ”
She shrugged .
“ You would have done it already .
Truly violent people go to violence first .
They usually do n’t stand around and chat for a while . ” “ That sounds like the voice of experience . ” “ I got mugged once .
The guy did n’t stick around to help me pick up my stuff after he ’d slammed me to the ground and snatched my purse . ”
Her tone was matter - of - fact .
She was n’t fishing for pity , but Alex still did n’t like the image that popped up in his mind of her smacking against the pavement .
He did n’t like it one bit .
“ And what happens if I say no to this little proposal of yours ? ” “ Well … ”
Her voice trailed off .
This was obviously something that she had n’t considered .
“ Then I tell everyone that I saw you breaking into Spencer 's car .
I 'll call the police . ” “ Blackmail ? ” “ Yeah , ” she said , tilting her head back to look up at him , her wide smile completely free of guile .
“ I guess so . ” “ Then it looks like I do n’t have much of a choice , do I , Miss … ” “ Bradley . ”
She stuck out her hand .
“ Beth Bradley . ”
There was an expectant look in her big brown eyes as he slid his hand into hers .
“ It would probably be better for both of us if I stayed just Charlie . ” “ Of course . ” “ You ’re the most unusual blackmailer I ’ve ever dealt with . ”
He let his grip on her hand linger .
“ I get that a lot . ”


* * *


Beth liked the feel of Charlie 's hand in hers a little too much .
Enough that she had to remind herself that he was n't really Charlie .
Of course , he was n’t .
No one was .
Charlie was nothing but a desperate invention , a fantasy .
But it was strange how perfectly this stranger fit into the mold her mind had made for him .
It was as if for a brief moment her imagination had sprung to life .
Just long enough to save her ass from a weekend 's worth of torture and humiliation .
Charlie walked with her across the parking lot , his grip strong and his stride confident .
His skin felt warm against hers . Damn . Was she really so hard up for human contact that holding hands with a stranger was enough to give her the sizzles ?
It appeared so .
She had n't known what to think when she 'd found him breaking into Spencer 's car .
He sure did n’t look like a car thief in his finely tailored suit .
But what did she know of criminals ?
Not that it mattered what he was .
All that mattered was that he was playing along .
She did n’t care how he made his piles of money as long as he helped her out .
Hell , if this went well , she might personally hand him the keys to Spencer 's car .
Of course , that was n’t likely if they did n't get their stories straight before they got inside .
“ I should probably tell you a little bit about yourself , ” she said , slowing her step .
“ Okay . ”
He did n't slow his , practically pulling her across the parking lot .
He must have been anxious to get this over with .
Not that she blamed him .
If she had half a brain , she would be too .
“ Your last name is Parker . ”
He kept going , but shot her a backward glance .
“ Parker ?
Charlie Parker ? ” “ Somebody asked , and I panicked .
You should be thankful that I did n’t go with Brown . ” “ I suppose I should . ” “ I ’ m no good under pressure . ” “ You seem to be doing just fine . ”
A hint of humor laced his words .
He was n’t taking this seriously .
Beth dug in her heels , refusing to take another step until he listened to her .
He stopped and turned around .
“ Yes ? ” “ You ’re in the music business , ” she said .
“ Got it . ” “ That 's why you work weekends .
You fly all over the country listening to bands . ” “ Makes sense . ”
He pulled on her arm , making her skitter across the pavement .
“ You 're from Iowa originally .
Des Moines . ”
He gave one quick jerk on her arm , and she flew to his side .
He let go of her hand just long enough to wrap his arm around the curve of her waist , and tucked her in close to his side .
Beth 's heart sped up .
Damn , she was hard up .
“ I 've got this , ” he said looking down into her eyes .
“ I promise . ”
Beth opened her mouth , but nothing came out .
Isobel was right .
It appeared there was a first time for everything .
A few more steps and the doorman opened the front door of the Kensington Hotel .
Pressed so tightly against him , Beth could feel how solid he was .
She could feel every muscle moving under the material of his suit .
He did n’t seem tense or stressed .
He felt totally natural , like he really was Charlie .
He was a frighteningly good actor .
She , on the other hand , was a shaking bundle of nerves .
What had seemed like the perfect plan in the parking lot now showed all of its flaws .
There was no way anyone was going to believe that someone this cool and gorgeous was going out with her .
She 'd just cranked the dial on the humiliation predictor to eleven .
What had she been thinking ?
Simple answer — she had n't been .
She 'd been pulled in by a pair of stormy blue eyes and the delicious temptation of flaunting them in front of Spencer .
Beth spotted everyone crowded around the same elegant couches that she ’d stormed away from twenty minutes ago .
Spencer was still there , as was her mother , but now they had company .
Mr . and Mrs . Masterson were sitting on either side of Isobel .
Jordan was standing next to his brother .
No one had looked her way yet .
There was still time to come to her senses and call this whole thing off .
If she turned and ran like hell , maybe she could make it out the door before anyone spotted her .
Charlie — or whoever the hell he really was — must have sensed her nervousness .
He pulled her tighter .
The pressure of his body against hers was strangely reassuring .
“ Everything is going to be fine , Beth , ” he said .
“ Trust me . ”
Trust him ?
He was a common criminal .
No , wait , that was unfair .
He was obviously a very uncommon criminal .
Why did he care how nervous she was ?
He was only here because she was blackmailing him , for heaven 's sake .
She looked up and saw nothing but certainty in his smoky blue eyes .
She stared into them for a second too long and ended up stumbling on the marble tile .
The soles of her shoes squeaked loud enough to echo off of every marble column in the entryway .
She had to cling tighter to Charlie ’s arm to keep from falling flat on her face .
So much for making a clean getaway .
Every face was turned her way , including Spencer ’s .
There was no turning back now .
Charlie gave her waist a reassuring pat as he guided her toward the group .
A smile barely lifted the corners of his mouth — not too eager , not too fake , like he really was happy to meet her friends and family .
Hell , this actually might work .
It would only be five minutes .
She could fake anything for five minutes .
Beth ’s smile did n’t feel half as natural .
She was tense enough to crack in two .
And it only got worse the second her eyes locked with Isobel ’s .
Beth was going to have a lot of explaining to do after dinner tonight .
“ Hi , everybody , ” Beth said .
Despite her best intentions , her voice came out high pitched and squeaky .
She cleared her throat and tried again .
“ Look who I found outside .
Turns out Charlie was able to stop by for a second on his way to the airport . ”
For a moment , there was nothing but stunned silence and half a dozen faces staring at her and the incredibly handsome man at her side .
Dear God , had no one believed her pathetic little lie ?
No one at all ?
“ Hello , ” Charlie said , breaking the silence .
If he noticed the less than warm reception , he did n't show it .
“ Charlie , this is my mom , ” Beth said .
Her mother popped up from the couch .
“ Mr .
Parker , it ’s such a pleasure to finally meet you , ” she said .
“ I was beginning to believe I never would . ” “ Mrs . Bradley , ” he said taking her hand .
“ The pleasure is all mine . ”
Beth could barely believe the hint of blush that appeared in her mother 's cheeks .
Damn , this guy was good .
Beth introduced him to the rest of group .
She left Isobel for last .
“ And of course , you remember Isobel , ” she said .
“ How could I forget ?
It 's wonderful to see you again . ”
Isobel 's mouth hung open .
It took her a half second to regain her composure and take Charlie 's hand .
“ Yeah . . .you too , ” Isobel said .
“ He 's on a really tight schedule this weekend , but he did n't want to miss wishing you well before the wedding , ” Beth said .
Charlie sat on an empty couch , pulling her down with him .
Beth ’s smile became even more tense .
What was he doing ?
“ It 's not so tight , ” he said .
“ No ? ” she said , raising her brows .
“ I really thought that it was . ” “ I have time . ” “ You do ? ”
Her voice was high again .
“ Good .
Good . ”
Beth glanced at Spencer .
There was a questioning look in his eyes , but his lips were pressed together in a tight , flat line .
That was fine .
He might not totally believe her , but his silence was its own little victory .
“ So , where are you off to this weekend ? ” her mother asked .
Beth was just about to open her mouth , when Charlie answered .
“ I was going to Los Angeles . ”
Beth 's breath hitched in her throat .
“ Was ? ”
Her mother asked the question that was blaring in Beth ’s head .
“ Beth told me how much grief she was getting for being dateless .
It made me realize that I was losing sight of what was really important .
It 's obvious that I 've been neglecting Beth , so I called in a favor and sent someone in my place . ”
Beth felt the blood draining from her face .
“ No , you did n't , ” she said .
He laughed a little .
“ Yes , I did . ” “ Why would you do that ? ”
Beth asked .
Across from her , Isobel cleared her throat .
Beth drew in a deep breath and tried again .
“ It 's just that I know how important this meeting is . ”
Everyone was staring at her .
Dear God , she knew this had been a terrible idea .
What was he doing ?
Was this his idea of revenge ?
“ You 're far more important , ” he said .
“ No , I ’ m not . ” “ I should be here for you . ”
Beth shook her head .
“ No need .
Really .
I ’ m totally fine without you . ” “ Of course , you should be , ” her mother butted in .
She leaned forward and patted Charlie 's knee .
“ We 're all ecstatic to have you with us . ” “ Thank you , Mrs . Bradley , ” he said .
Beth shot Isobel a pleading look .
There was n't anyone else who could help her .
But her friend just shook her head .
The message was clear .
You are n't getting out of this right now .
“ You should be happy that Charles wants to spend time with you , ” her mother said .
“ Our Beth has always had a terrible ungrateful streak , ” she added to Charlie .
Beth stifled a groan .
“ You must join us for dinner , ” Mrs . Masterson said .
There was a chorus of agreement from everyone except Spencer , who was now staring at her through narrowed eyes .
Beth started to worry .
Silence was n't Spencer 's style , not even in defeat .
“ I do n't think — ” “ I would love to , ” Charlie said , talking over her words .
“ We might be a little late , though .
I still need to get settled in our room . ”
Our room .
Beth squeezed his hand as hard as she could .
In her mind she fantasized that she was crushing all the bones of his fingers , but he was so solid that she doubted she was even pinching him .
Beth tried one more pleading look in Isobel ’s direction .
The disbelief had faded a little from her friend ’s eyes , replaced by a sparkle of humor .
Isobel just shrugged her shoulders .
Hey , you got yourself into this mess , she seemed to say .
And she was n't going to get out of it that easy .
Her only hope was to regroup elsewhere .
Beth plastered another fake smile on her face and stood .
“ We 'd better get you up to the room then , if we want to be back before dessert , ” she said .
Charlie rose , and pulled his arm around her waist again .
Beth knew she should recoil from him .
At the very least , she should feel some kind of cold shudder at his touch .
He was a bad guy , after all .
A car thief .
A liar .
A breaker of deals .
But she did n't .
Her heart started to pound in that same strong , hard rhythm it had found the first time she ’d seen him .
Her body , it seemed , did n't know from bad guys .
That was all right .
That was why she had a head .
It knew the difference .
Right ?
Beth heard the murmur of hushed voices rising up behind her as they walked away .
She knew every eye would stay on them until they had disappeared inside the elevator .
“ Not everyone believes us , ” Charlie whispered when they were halfway across the lobby .
Beth gawked at him .
Who the hell was this guy ?
“ It does n't matter what Spencer thinks , ” she said in rush .
The only thing that mattered was figuring out what in the world she was going to do now .
“ Of course it does . ”
He stopped in front of the bronze elevator doors and pressed the up button .
“ Kiss me , and he 'll believe it . ” “ What ? ” “ Do n't think .
Just do it . ”
He pulled her closer .
Beth crushed against him .
He was so close .
He tilted his head down toward her .
She should n't be doing this .
Was n't she just trying to figure out how in the world she was going to get away from this crazy man ?
But she could do that in a minute .
Right now , she had to save face .
And if the only way to do that was to kiss the ridiculously hot man in front of her , well then , that was her cross to bear .
Beth had to stand on tiptoes to reach him .
She pressed her lips lightly to his .
Just a peck would n't hurt .
His arms wrapped around her back .
Her breasts crushed against his hard chest .
He deepened the kiss .
She did n't pull away .
Beth draped her arms around his neck .
Just for show .
As long as she was going to do this , she might as well do it right .
He tilted his head , and his lips slid against hers .
Beth 's heart began to hammer .
Dear God , she was actually kissing him .
Her grasp around his neck tightened .
Now she was the one that was pulling him closer .
She opened her mouth and drew his bottom lip inside .
She felt his body tighten , certain parts more than others .
She was vaguely aware of a soft chime sounding , and then he was walking her backward .
The lighting changed behind her closed eyes .
And then the kiss stopped .
He slowly pulled his mouth from hers , but his arms stayed wrapped around her .
Beth opened her eyes .
They were in the elevator .
The doors were closed .
She snatched her arms from around his neck and pulled away .
She did n't stop moving until she was in the corner furthest from him .
“ That ought to do it , ” he said with a languid smile .
He leaned over and pressed the button for the second floor .
Beth 's mouth hung open .
For a second , words flew from her head .
All she could do was stand and stare at him .
At least she had the presence of mind to fold her arms over her chest .
Maybe her body language could convey how upset she was , since her brain was stubbornly refusing to do its job .
She drew in a deep breath .
And then another .
Finally , she trusted herself enough to speak .
“ What the hell was that about ? ” “ Not everybody believed you and I were a real couple . ” “ Not that . ”
He smiled , a wolfish grin that made her blood boil even as it drained some of the strength from her legs .
“ Then what ? ” “ I told you I only needed you for five minutes .
You were supposed to follow my lead , and then leave . ”
He shrugged .
“ I decided that you needed more than that . ” “ You decided ?
What in the world makes you think you get to decide what I need ? ”
She was really angry now .
She must have been feeling a little better if she ’d managed to muster that up .
But Beth did n’t get the satisfaction of seeing his reaction to it .
The elevator doors opened , and he stepped out into the hall .
She rushed after him .
“ I did n’t have much of a choice .
Imagine how awkward things would be when your friends and family kept seeing me hanging out in the lobby when I was supposed to be in LA . ”
Beth reached out and grasped his arm .
He stopped mid - stride .
“ What the hell are you talking about ? ” she asked .
“ I have plans at this hotel this weekend too . ” “ That ’s ridiculous .
Plans to do what ? ” she asked before she could think better .
She let go of him and waved her arms in front of her .
If only she could wipe him away so easily .
“ Nevermind .
I do n’t want to know .
Whatever it is , it ca n’t be good .
I do n’t want any part of it . ” “ Smart move . ”
She started down the hall .
She did n’t look behind her as she pulled the card key from her purse .
She pushed the door open .
If she had any kind of courage , she ’d slam it closed and leave him out there .
But she could n’t .
Until they had some kind of agreement — one with very clear terms this time — she would worry about what he would do .
Would he go downstairs and tell everyone that she had asked him to play the part of her boyfriend ?
Or worse , would he go down there without her and continue to pretend to be Charlie ?
Either idea made her stomach clench into a tight knot .
She did n't relish the idea of being alone with him , but it was better than having this conversation out in the hall where anyone could overhear them .
She would just have to keep the discussion as brief as possible .
Beth let go of the door as soon as he stepped into the room .
She stayed by the door , while he walked to the window , pulled back the gossamer thin drape , and glanced briefly outside .
A second later , he let it drop .
He obviously was n't impressed with her parking lot view .
Well , she could n't afford the luxury suite that Isobel had reserved .
“ You 're going to have to change your plans , ” she said .
“ Sorry .
I ca n't do that . ”
He sat down in the high - backed upholstered chair .
Beth did n't like the idea of him getting too comfortable in her room .
But , on the other hand , since she could n't exactly run over and stop him , she was glad he at least chose the chair .
Maybe she was still feeling the effects of that kiss , but the thought of him lounging across her bed was far more distracting .
She crossed her arms .
“ Of course , you can .
I ' m sure that what you have planned for the Kensington this weekend will go down just as well at the St . Francis across the bay . ”
He shook his head .
“ I like it here better . ” “ Maybe I did n't make myself clear .
I ' m not asking .
You are going to leave . ” “ Or what ? ” he asked , leaning forward .
Frustration bubbled up inside of her .
She wanted to storm over and smack his face .
Throw things at his head .
Anything to force him to listen to reason .
But the protective part of her brain held her back .
He might look calm and relaxed sitting in that chair , but there was something undeniably threatening about him .
She should have recognized it earlier .
Maybe she 'd been too pulled in by his gorgeous face to see it , but now that she was alone in a small space with him , she could see that he practically thrummed with danger .
“ Or . . .I ' ll go down there and tell them what you really are . ”
He smiled and leaned back in the chair .
The ease was back so quickly it made Beth wonder if she 'd only imagined the menacing gleam in his eyes .
“ Go ahead , ” he said .
“ I 'll do it . ”
Her voice shook a little .
“ No , you wo n't .
You 're too invested in this lie that you 've told , ” he said .
“ And even if you somehow decide to face their scorn and laughter , chances are they would n't believe you .
Why would they ?
Everything else you 've told them has been a lie . ”
Beth opened her mouth , but nothing came out .
She could barely get breath past the lump blocking her throat .
Her legs turned to rubber beneath her .
She barely made the two steps to the bed .
The edge of the mattress bowed beneath her weight .
Dear God , what had she gotten herself into ?
She rolled her eyes toward the ceiling .
“ I made a deal with the devil , did n’t I ? ” “ I ’ m not sure about that , ” he said .
“ But next time you might want to find out a little about the person you are blackmailing before you do it . ” “ What is it that you want ? ”
It probably was n’t a good idea , keeping her back to him , but the thought of turning around to face him was too much to bear .
Besides , she still did n’t think he was out to hurt her .
Not physically at least .
“ Nothing , ” he said .
Like she could believe that .
“ Right . ” “ It ’s true , ” he said .
Beth lifted her eyes heavenward again .
No divine intervention came flowing down .
Imagine that .
“ And what if I end up getting in trouble because of this plan of yours ? ” she asked .
“ You wo n't , ” he said .
His voice was firm , certain .
“ But what if I do ? ”
She imagined a flood of cop cars pulling up in the middle of Isobel 's ceremony , sirens blaring .
She ’d be cuffed and stuffed in the backseat while Spencer looked on and laughed .
“ It ’s not going to happen . ” “ How can you be sure ? ” “ I ' m not going to let anything bad happen to you or yours , Beth .
I promise . ”
Beth swiveled around on the bed .
His expression was calm and confident .
She believed him .
She could n’t figure out why , but she did .
“ What are we going to do about Charlie ? ” she asked .
“ I do n’t see any reason why we ca n't help each other .
I 'll be Charlie all weekend .
After that you can tell them anything you like .
We broke up .
You found me with another woman .
I fell off a cliff , ” he said with a twinkle in his eye .
“ I 'll have to drag you to some wedding events .
You 'll have to spend time with my parents . ”
She was n't going to sugarcoat it for him .
There would be a price to pay for both of them .
He smiled as if that was exactly what he had been hoping to hear .
“ I have n't been to a wedding in years . ”
There would be no getting rid of him , Beth realized .
Their deal was struck .
She was stuck with him all weekend .
Her stomach flipped over again , and this time it was n't because her head was filled with visions of her mother crying as the police led her away in handcuffs .
No , now she was imagining being trapped in this tiny room when Charlie finally slid out of that jacket .
Beth turned her face away before he could see her blush .
“ I should change before dinner , ” she said , rising from the bed .
She 'd have to dress in the bathroom from now on .
“ I 'll go get my things , ” he said .
Beth could feel his eyes on her as she went to the closet to pick out a dress .
She heard him rise from the chair and take two steps toward her .
He cupped her shoulder with his hands .
It was a comforting gesture , and , heaven help her , she wanted to lean into him .
But she resisted .
She kept herself straight as a beam .
“ Everything is going to be all right , Beth . ”
She wished that he would stop saying her name .
Just the sound of it made her feel all warm inside .
It made her lose sight of important things .
Details that she would have otherwise caught .
Charlie opened the door .
Beth froze .
“ Wait , ” she said .
“ In the elevator .
How did you know that my room was on the second floor ? ”
He shrugged his shoulders , and stepped out into the hall .
“ Lucky guess . ”
The door clicked shut behind him .


Chapter 3


Beth did n’t eat a bite of her dinner .
For the first time in a week , it had nothing to do with self - control .
Her stomach had been churning through the whole meal .
She 'd been certain that at any moment the whole ruse would fall apart .
Someone would ask something about her past , about Charlie 's past , about anything at all , and Charlie would freeze .
They would be caught in the lie and revealed as frauds .
But it never happened .
Everyone was pleasant , and the topics stayed light .
Her pretend Charlie showed off his charming side , laughing at Mr . Masterson 's jokes , complimenting her mother 's dress , even talking a little baseball with Jordan .
Beth could n't have hoped for a better result .
There was n’t even a hint of the dangerous man she ’d seen a flash of in her room .
By the time the salads had been removed , he had the whole table eating out of his palm .
There were two exceptions , of course — Spencer , who still regarded Charlie with a skeptical eye , and Isobel , who only had laughter in hers .
Isobel excused herself from the table as soon as the waiter came around for coffee orders .
Beth took the cue and followed her .
Isobel grabbed onto her arm as they walked to the bathroom .
“ So ?
Who is he ? ”
Isobel asked as soon as the door swung shut .
“ What do you mean ?
He ’s Charlie . ”
Isobel balled her fists on her hips and gave her a pointed glare .
“ You know what I mean .
How the hell did you pull this off ? ” “ I really do n't know .
The situation just kind of fell into my lap . ”
She was n't about to tell Isobel what kind of man Charlie really was .
“ Where did you find him ?
Is he an actor ? ”
Beth scrunched up her nose .
There was n't any way to answer .
Not a truthful one , at any rate .
“ Kind of . ”
Isobel 's eyes widened .
“ Is he a gigolo ? ” “ Oh my God , Isobel . ”
Beth put a finger to her lips , in case they could be overheard .
“ He is , is n't he ? ”
Isobel went on .
“ That 's why he 's so hot .
And so good with people . ” “ Are gigolos known for their social skills ? ”
Beth asked , furrowing her brow .
Isobel shrugged .
“ I do n't know .
I 've never known one before .
But I 'd imagine they 'd have to be . ”
It made sense .
And it was sure a hell of a lot easier than having to tell Isobel that she had dragged a potentially dangerous criminal to her wedding .
Sure , it made her seem desperate , but what the hell ?
Isobel 's eyes widened as all the pieces fell together in her mind .
“ And you 're sharing a room with him .
Are you — ? ” “ Dear God , no ! ”
At least that part was true .
“ Why not ?
Just look at him . ”
Beth 's mouth hung open .
“ Because I ' m not so hard up that I have to pay for sex . ”
Well , that was n't exactly true .
She probably was that hard up .
But her pride would n't allow it .
At least the pesky emotion was good for something .
“ No , you 're just hard up enough to pay someone to pretend to be your boyfriend . ”
Isobel laughed .
Beth rolled her eyes and bit her lip , trying not to laugh .
“ I could n't think of any other way out of it .
You do n't think anyone suspects , do you ? ”
Isobel shook her head .
“ No .
Your mother just about ate him up with a spoon .
I think she 's already picking out colors for the nursery . ” “ What about Spencer ? ”
Isobel 's expression turned serious .
Nothing sucked the air out of the room like mentioning Spencer .
“ I do n't know why you spend so much time worrying about what Spencer thinks .
I sure as hell do n't , and he 's about to become family . ”
Beth went to the sink and looked in the mirror .
She combed her fingers through her hair , smoothing out an invisible tangle .
“ I just do .
I just want to have a small moment where I get the better of him .
It does n't have to be big . ”
Isobel came up behind her and put a hand on her shoulder .
“ Well , give up on that dream .
It is n't going to happen .
It would mean that Spencer would have to see his own flaws , and men like him just do n't do that .
It just is n't in him .
It 's some male defense mechanism , I guess .
You 're just going to have to write him down in the mistake column of your life , and console yourself with the fact that you are a thousand times better than him , whether he ever sees it or not . ”
Beth looked up at Isobel 's reflection in the mirror .
It was a nice speech , one she would have benefitted from hearing two hours ago , before her life had tipped upside down .
“ But you can do all that after the wedding , ” Isobel said .
“ First , hit the hell out of that Charlie out there all weekend long .
Do it for those of us who ca n't . ” “ Isobel ! ” “ What , I ' m getting married .
I ' m not dead . ”
Isobel turned Beth around and pulled her into a hug .
A moment later , the bathroom door swung open and Isobel 's mother walked in . Mrs . Munoz was every bit as graceful as her daughter .
It was easy to see where Isobel got it from .
Beth had spent so much time at the woman 's house growing up , she 'd come to think of Mrs . Munoz as a second mother , one who cooked spicier food and did n't complain about how Beth was wearing her hair .
“ Is everything all right ? ” she asked when she saw the pair hugging and the tears in Beth 's eyes .
“ Of course , ” Beth said , wiping them away .
“ Beth starts crying every time I mention the wedding , ” Isobel said , covering for her .
“ She promises that she wo n't do it during the ceremony , but I would n't put money on it . ” “ Neither would I , ” Mrs . Munoz said .


* * *


Charlie was n't at the table when Beth got back from the ladies room .
She looked around the restaurant , but he was n’t anywhere to be seen .
Her heart hitched in her chest .
Maybe he ’d run off .
Maybe this had all been part of some sick game he was playing , getting her hopes up and then ditching her .
Or maybe he was breaking into more cars .
Or rooms .
Maybe she was better off not knowing what he was doing .
Or maybe , just maybe , he ’d gone off to the bathroom .
“ Charlie said he had to run an errand , ” Mr . Munoz said when Beth sat back down in her seat .
His vague answer was n't terribly reassuring .
One by one , people started leaving .
It was starting to get late .
But for some reason , the thought of going up to her room did n't sound appealing .
There was too much going on in her head for her to sit up in bed , waiting for a knock on the door .
She did n't even want to think about how she was going to sleep with a stranger so close .
Was he planning on sleeping on the chair , or did he expect her to give up half the bed ?
After her conversation with Isobel in the bathroom , Beth was n't entirely sure which one she wanted .
What she needed was a little courage , a little determination .
So , she headed toward the bar instead of the elevator .
Isobel and Jordan passed her on their way out .
They looked so sweet together .
Isobel 's arm was tucked around Jordan ’s side .
When they stopped , Jordan tilted his head down on top of hers .
Beth could n't help but smile .
They were good together .
“ Are you going to be all right on your own ? ”
Isobel asked .
There was a world of meaning behind her concerned look .
“ Yeah .
I ' m pretty sure that I can manage the 10 p.m. lounge crowd by myself , ” Beth said .
“ That 's not what I meant . ” “ I know .
I ' m good . ”
Isobel gave her another intense look .
“ Are you sure ? ” “ I promise . ”
Beth shook her head and tried to laugh but it came out a stuttered sigh .
“ Take her to bed , Jordan . ” “ Will do , ” he said , starting to lead Isobel away .
He stopped after a few steps and turned back .
“ Oh , Beth . ” “ Yeah ? ” “ I really like Charlie .
I ' m glad he could finally make it to something . ”
Beth forced the smile to stay on her face until Isobel and Jordan disappeared inside the elevator .
Then her shoulders slumped , and she sighed for real .
She went to the lounge , and found a small table tucked into a corner .
It was swallowed by shadow , the lights from the bar barely reaching it .
The darkness suited her mood perfectly .
It took the waitress a few minutes to notice her .
“ I 'll have a Cosmopolitan , ” Beth said , when she finally came to take her order .
“ And a soda water , ” a deep voice said behind the waitress .
Charlie stepped into view .
“ I hope you do n't mind if I join you . ”
He pulled off his jacket and slung it over the back of the chair before he sat down .
Apparently it was n't a question .
“ Go right ahead , ” she said .
If he noticed the sarcasm in her voice , he did n't show it .
“ Did you get your errand done ? ”
He nodded .
Beth considered probing further , but decided against it .
Maybe with something like this it would be better to have plausible deniability .
Was n't that what they called it in the movies ?
“ Good for you , ” she said .
He looked at her but said nothing .
The silence stretched on and on .
Beth glanced down at her hands , then to the other tables in the lounge .
Finally , she looked at the bar .
She could feel Charlie 's gaze on her , and as much as she did n't want to admit it , he was making her nervous .
It felt as if he was looking inside her , studying her .
“ So , ” he said after an interminable minute had passed .
“ Talk to me about Charlie . ”
Beth turned back to him , her eyes wide .
“ I thought you did n't need to know anything .
You 've been playing him all evening . ” “ Not those details .
Tell me how you came up with him . ”
Beth did n't miss the command in his voice .
He was a man used to asking questions and getting answers .
For a second she thought of tossing off some flip remark , but then thought better of it .
This day had drained the fight out of her .
“ I first came up with Charlie when I was in the seventh grade . ”
His brows shot up , and Beth felt a little thrill of accomplishment .
She would n't have guessed that there was much in this world that still managed to surprise him .
“ Billy Demers asked Hailey Cranston to the spring dance instead of me .
I did n't want anyone to know how upset I was , so I invented Charlie .
I told Hailey it did n't matter because I already had a boyfriend who lived one town over . ” “ But you ca n't bring a pretend boyfriend to the spring dance . ” “ No , you ca n't .
That was why Charlie ended up having a karate competition that night . ” “ Karate ?
I guess I ' m pretty hardcore . ” “ That you are . ”
The waitress arrived with their drinks .
Charlie pressed a bill into her hand and told her to keep the change before Beth could reach inside her purse .
Going by the look on the woman 's face , Charlie was a pretty nice tipper .
“ After that I pulled him . . .I mean you . . .out of my pocket whenever I needed to save face .
There were a couple of times in high school .
One very memorable night in college .
You once even saved me from going on a blind date with a co - worker ’s cousin . ” “ I ' m glad I could be of service . ”
Beth raised her drink in mock salute to him .
He smiled and took a sip of his own .
“ Isobel was the only one who knew the truth .
She 's the only person I 've ever trusted to see me , warts and all . ”
He quirked a brow .
“ They 're metaphorical warts , ” she said .
“ Of course . ”
Beth downed the rest of her drink .
She looked down at the empty glass .
“ I could probably use another one of these . ”
Charlie waved his hand to get the waitress 's attention .
He ordered and paid again before she could say anything .
She was n't sure she liked the idea of being in debt to him .
On the other hand , a couple of drinks were the least that he owed her .
He turned back to focus on her .
His blue eyes had darkened in the dim light .
The flicker of the candle on the table shimmered in his irises .
Shadows fell across his cheeks , calling his features into stark relief .
Damn , he was hot .
For a second , she did n't care what kind of man he was .
She did n't care what he 'd done in the past .
All she wanted was to feel those lips again as they moved against hers .
Maybe this time he 'd press them against her neck .
Or her earlobe .
She was a sucker for earlobe kisses .
Moving lips . Crap .
He 'd just said something and she 'd missed it because she 'd been too busy making out with him in her mind .
“ Excuse me ? ” she said .
He gave the wolfish smile again .
Beth had the feeling he knew exactly where her mind had been .
“ I was just wondering what made you bring up Charlie this time , ” he said .
Beth rolled her eyes dramatically .
“ That 's a story that I usually would n't tell until I was three or four drinks into the evening . ” “ I have all night . ”
He leaned back in his chair .
His arms hung at his sides , loose and languid , but Beth could still make out the contour of muscle underneath his white oxford shirt .
Those butterflies started fluttering again .
Maybe another drink was n't such a good idea after all .
“ Spencer and I used to date , ” she said .
“ So you ’ve said . ” “ It did n't end well . ”
He waited silently , and Beth wondered how much to tell him .
He picked up his glass and took another sip .
His eyes never left hers .
Damn , there was something about that look that made her want to tell him everything .
All of her secrets .
“ It was a big mistake from beginning to end .
Isobel warned me against it , but as usual , I did n't listen . ” “ There 's no shame in making your own mistakes , ” he said .
“ Yeah , well .
I guess that makes me pretty shameless then . ”
He smiled .
The butterflies multiplied .
“ Anyway , about a week after our breakup I heard that Spencer was dating again , ” she said .
“ No problem , right ?
But then he kept dating .
And I was n't .
Sometimes I would run into him and his flavor of the week at Isobel 's .
Sometimes I 'd just see pictures . ” “ And you got jealous , ” he said .
Beth 's drink arrived , and she thanked the waitress .
“ Not of Spencer .
I did n't want to get back together with him or anything .
The whole thing was n't even a problem until Isobel got engaged .
Then suddenly people were asking me who I was going to bring as my date to the wedding .
My mother .
Spencer .
Everybody .
That 's when Charlie made his grand return . ” “ There was n't anybody , not in all that time ? ” he asked .
“ Nobody that I liked enough to go out with , ” she said a little too emphatically .
She winced and tried again .
“ I could have had dozens of guys , I ' m sure .
But I did n't like any of them .
I 'd already made that mistake when I went out with Spencer .
I did n't want to repeat it . ”
Beth took a sip of her Cosmo .
It was good .
Really good .
“ Besides , Charlie was supposed to get everyone off my back .
He always had before .
This time he kind of took on a life of his own .
People kept asking questions , and I kept answering .
The lies got bigger and bigger until suddenly I found myself bargaining with a car thief in a hotel parking lot . ” “ Blackmailing , not bargaining . ”
She waved her hand in front of her .
“ Semantics . ”
His smile was wide and genuine .
“ So there it is — my life story , ” she said .
“ I ' m guessing that you 're not too keen on telling me yours ? ”
He slowly shook his head , his lips pressed tightly together .
She took another sip .
A part of her wanted to push for more .
It was only polite , after all , to give up a little dirt after someone spilled their guts .
But somehow she knew that even if she begged , he would n't answer .
She looked down and saw that her glass was empty .
Again .
She looked up .
His eyes were on it too .
“ I ' m not really a lush , ” she said .
“ I do n't really drink much at all . ”
Her head was feeling floaty .
All of her tension had been replaced by a warm , bubbly feeling that was far more pleasant .
“ I can tell . ”
Beth did n't hear any sarcasm in his voice .
Or maybe she was too buzzed to notice it .
She did n’t think so .
He did n’t seem to judge her .
She had n't once noticed that familiar look of disappointment in his eyes .
Maybe that was why she liked him so much .
And she did .
Dear God , she 'd finally found a man she liked , and he was probably wanted in three states .
Her mother would be so proud .
If only he was the gigolo that Isobel thought that he was .
At least that would be a step up .
Beth could n’t stop the laugh before it escaped her lips .
Charlie ’s look turned questioning .
“ Nothing .
It 's nothing . ”
He did n't have to press , not with words .
He just leaned forward in his chair , and something about his stare made her want to talk more .
“ I was just thinking how much Fate likes having fun with me , ” she said .
“ You believe in Fate ? ” he asked .
“ Not really , ” she said .
“ But it seems she certainly believes in me . ”


* * *


Alex did n't pull away when Beth slipped her hand into his as they waited for the elevator .
She curled her fingers around his , but did n't try to pull him close .
She just stood by his side , her warm palm pressed against his .
There was nothing possessive or demanding in her touch .
How long had it been since he held hands with someone ?
The simple reassurance of human contact — that was what she wanted .
And that was the least he could give her .
The very least .
His mind had strayed a few times during their conversation to the other kinds of soothing he could offer her .
She had opened up to him without any urging on his part .
Maybe tomorrow she would blame the martinis , but Alex knew alcohol had nothing to do with the words that flowed out of her .
She wanted to talk .
She wanted to talk to him .
And , surprisingly , Alex found that he wanted to listen .
He enjoyed sitting across from her , watching the way her nose crinkled when she talked about a part of her past that she was n't proud of .
Alex knew secrets .
He knew how people held onto them , usually only parting with them after it became clear that there was no other option .
Sometimes not even then .
But Beth had told him willingly .
She ’d chosen him to be the one to lift her burden , and he was happy to do it .
It was cute , in a way .
She thought that her secrets were great and terrible .
But Alex knew better .
He 'd seen the very worst that humanity had to offer .
He 'd shone light into the darkest corners of humanity .
He knew the horrors that could be found there .
Listening for half an hour to Beth 's very human failings seemed charming in comparison .
She was a little wobbly on her feet as they stepped into the elevator .
She had n't eaten much at dinner .
No more than a few bites , and she ’d downed those martinis pretty fast .
She was n't drunk , not exactly .
But Alex did n't think she was in all that much pain either .
Alex felt a pull on his arm as the elevator rose past the second floor .
“ I ' m on two , ” Beth said .
“ Not anymore . ”
The doors opened , and he walked down the hall .
Her hesitation was obvious .
She walked a step behind him , dragging on his arm , but she did n't let go of his hand .
She trusts you .
God only knew why , but she did .
He rationalized that he was n't using her — no more than she was using him .
It was a mutually beneficial situation .
And she was smart enough not to ask too many questions .
Hopefully , there would n't be any reason for her to .
But he had meant every word of his promise .
He would n't hurt her .
More than that , he would n't allow any harm to come to her .
Even the idea made him sick .
Alex did n't dig too deep into the reason behind the emotion .
He had taken her on as his responsibility .
And he liked her .
That was all .
Her expression was openly skeptical when he stopped at the door in the middle of the hall .
He swiped the key and held the door open .
“ What the . . . ” she said , stepping in before him .
There was no hesitation in her now .
He let her hand go , and she walked into the suite .
The door closed behind him , and he tossed the key on the table .
She went to the wide window that made up the far wall of the room .
She threw open the drapes , exposing a panorama of the bay .
Across the water , the lights of San Francisco glistened .
She stood there for a long time with her back to him .
The line of her shoulders relaxed a little , enough to tell him that she liked the view .
So did he .
“ It 's gorgeous , ” she whispered .
She turned her face toward him .
“ This was your errand . ”
Alex nodded .
That , and other things .
He ’d also seized the opportunity to take a quick look around Isobel Munoz ’s room .
“ I had the staff move your things . ” “ Why ? ” “ I did n't like the view in your room . ”
Close enough .
He needed a clear view of the parking lots .
This room gave him the widest vantage .
He could see both the visitor and housekeeping access roads in to and out of the hotel .
She could stare off into the distance all she liked , but his interests were a little closer to home .
“ No , I mean , why move my things ?
I ca n't afford this room .
It took me months of saving to afford the one I ' m in right now . ” “ Do n't worry about it .
I took care of both rooms . ”
She turned around .
Her mouth hung open wide .
She stuttered for a moment before she found the words .
“ You ca n't do that , ” she said .
“ I just did . ” “ But you ca n't , ” she repeated .
“ Paying for my drinks is one thing , but if I let you do this then you 're not the gigolo .
I am . ” “ Excuse me ? ”
She plopped down in one of the chairs , her feet coming off the ground .
“ Isobel might think that you 're a man whore . ” “ Really ? ”
He crossed his arms as he leaned against the wall .
He 'd had many covers since moving from the Navy to the CIA , but this was a new one .
“ She came up with the idea on her own .
I just let her believe it .
What else could I do ?
I could n't let her know what you really do , you know ? ”
Yeah , he knew .
Only too well .
She looked around the room .
“ It 's certainly bigger than my old room . ”
He nodded .
“ And that sofa over there will make things far less awkward when it comes to sleeping arrangements . ” “ That does seem like an important thing to consider when sharing a room with a gigolo . ”
She shot him a glare , kicking off her heels .
She looked at the wide bed in the room behind her .
Then back at him .
The war in her head showed plainly on her face .
“ Can I see the bathroom ? ” she asked , as if her answer hinged on it .
As if her answer mattered at all .
Regardless of what he felt for Beth — and he was n't sure he knew exactly what those feelings were himself — she had become an important asset in his mission .
He simply could n't allow her to leave his side .
“ By all means , ” he said .
She tiptoed to the door in the corner .
He stayed a few steps behind .
She let out a long sigh when she looked inside .
“ There 's a real tub , Charlie .
One of those claw - footed ones .
I 've always wanted to have a bath in one of those . ”
She gave him a guilty smile , like she did n't like the thought that she could be bought with the promise of a nice hot soak .
“ Always . ”
He leaned on the doorjamb next to her .
He had to admit , the thought of her in that tub stirred him as well .
“ Maybe , just one night , ” she said .
“ We 'll see how it works out . ” “ Sounds fair . ”
He would n't tell her that he ’d already given up her old room , and there was no chance of getting it back .
The Kensington was booked solid this weekend .
He 'd had to use every trick he knew to snag this one .
She walked past him to the massive oak armoire that stood in the corner of the bedroom .
She opened the door and made a little sound of pleasure at seeing her clothes already hung up for her .
She pulled out something short and silky .
A nightgown .
She stopped and swiveled around .
“ I do get the bed , right ? ” she asked .
“ Of course , ” he said and swallowed hard .
He glanced back at the couch about twenty feet away .
The longest twenty feet Alex had ever seen .


Chapter 4


She should have let him have the bed .
Beth rolled over for what had to be the thousandth time in the last hour and stared at the ceiling .
He would have gotten better use out of it .
She could toss and turn just as easily on a sofa as she could on this bed .
At least then she would have better reason to .
She ’d fallen asleep easy enough .
She had n’t been lying when she ’d said she was n’t a big drinker .
But her buzz did n't last long .
The dreams had seen to that .
She 'd been at Isobel 's wedding .
Everything had been going great .
Hell , she had n't even been crying .
Then suddenly , everything changed .
Clouds had rolled in overhead .
Rain started to fall .
Isobel and Jordan started fighting .
Her mother started yelling .
Spencer started laughing .
Everyone turned on her .
They knew it was her fault .
Everything was ruined , and it was all her fault .
Beth had woken with a start .
The room was dark .
The only light was from the bedside clock that read 3 : 45 .
That was an hour ago , and sleep was n't any closer .
Beth sat up and peered toward the couch , but it was far too dark to make anything out .
So instead , she sat and listened for signs of life .
Nothing .
No rustling fabric .
No breathing .
Charlie was dead asleep .
Just like she should be .
But she was n’t , and dwelling on it was n't going to get her there .
Not that she could help it .
Her mind was racing .
A few nightmare scenarios were still rattling around in there , but the longer she stared in Charlie ’s general direction , the more they faded .
What replaced them were crystal clear images of her helping him out of his jacket .
Working on the buttons down his shirt .
Going for the zipper of his …
What she needed to do was take a walk .
Just a little one , around the hotel halls , to clear her head .
Beth slipped out of the sheets and felt for the wardrobe in the dark .
She reached inside , and found her jeans and a zippered sweatshirt .
They would have to do .
It was n’t like she would be running into anyone this early in the morning .
She dressed , walked on tiptoes to the door , and cracked it open .
A sliver of light from the hall fell across the couch .
Charlie was there , eyes closed , body relaxed .
He wore a plain white T - shirt on top .
A hotel blanket covered his bottom half .
Shame , she thought .
She 'd love to see what he was wearing under there .
Boxers or briefs ?
She closed the door behind her with a soft click .
The hallway was bright and quiet .
The light instantly cleared some of the fog from her brain .
She padded down the hallway , not sure where she was going , but with each step the weight of her terrible dream faded a little more .
Everything was fine out here .
The world kept on spinning .
Nothing she had done had brought it to a stop .
She took the stairs instead of the elevator .
It felt good to keep moving .
Unsurprisingly the lobby was almost as empty as the hall .
“ Hi , ” she said to the desk clerk .
“ I was just wondering if there was anything open right now around here . ”
The woman looked at the clock .
“ Not yet .
But the cafe will open at 5 o' clock . ”
Beth smiled and thanked her .
Coffee would be perfect .
And she could explore the hotel for another fifteen minutes , no problem .
Beth wandered down the corridor that led past the restaurant and lounge .
She turned corners and looked at old pictures on the walls .
She found a flight of stairs that led down to the spa and another that led up to the hotel gift shop .
After a few minutes , she was n't exactly sure where she was .
She pushed open a swinging door and found herself alone in an industrial part of the hotel .
Giant washing machines whirled and hummed .
The sound of hushed voices made Beth turn her head .
She was n't alone after all .
Two men stood in profile at the far end of the room .
She narrowed her eyes : Salvatore Munoz .
Isobel 's uncle .
She did n't recognize the other man .
He did n't look like someone from the Munoz family , just some random white guy in a dark suit .
She could n’t make out what they were saying , but she saw one pass a large manila envelope to the other .
The second man glanced inside then nodded and pushed a briefcase across the table .
Beth did n’t have any idea what was in that envelope , but it did n’t take a genius to tell what type of transaction she was witnessing .
It was the kind that she was better off not knowing anything about .
She snuck back a couple of steps , directly into a metal folding chair that had been leaning against the wall .
It clattered to the floor .
Both men swiveled around to face her .
Beth raised her hand and bowed her head in the international sign for sorry , I got lost and wandered into someplace I should n't have , but I ’ m getting the hell out of here now .
Salvatore made like he was going to move toward her , but the other man put his hand on his shoulder , stopping him before he could take a single step .
She could n’t hear what the man whispered to Salvatore , but by the way his lips moved she could have sworn he said , “ not here ” .
Beth decided not to stick around to find out .
She turned and bolted out the door , then ran like hell back up the stairs .
By the time she found her way back to the lobby , she ’d stopped shaking .
Even though it was still empty , the civilized feel of the place eased her mind a little .
Salvatore Munoz had always given Beth a serious case of the creeps , and that was under the best of circumstances .
Maybe it was the setting — the haze of the fluorescent lights , the well - worn industrial tile — but this incident spooked her more than usual .
Or , it could have been the murderous look in Salvatore 's eyes .
But that was n't unusual .
In her mind , Salvatore always looked like that .
What in the world was he doing meeting with someone in the Kensington ’s laundry room at five o' clock in the morning ?
Nevermind .
She really did not want to know the answer to that .
In fact , she wanted to forget about the whole incident .
As far as she was concerned , nothing had happened .
If anybody asked her about it she ’d say that she had wandered into the laundry room and gone temporarily blind .
It was the damnedest thing .
She checked the clock on the wall .
It was still a few minutes to five , but she could wait outside the cafe until they were ready .
Suddenly , it was very important that she saw a smiling face .
At the very least , someone who did n't look like he wanted to kill her .


* * *


Beth fumbled to swipe the key in the door while holding two paper cups and a folded paper bag .
The first try did n't work .
The red light just blinked at her .
She was about to go for the second try when the door swung open .
Charlie stood there , still in his white T - shirt and plaid boxers .
Woohoo .
That 's what she 'd been hoping for .
Not that briefs would have been bad .
There were very few games in life where everyone ended up a winner .
“ What are you doing up ? ” she asked , stepping inside .
“ I was about to ask you the same thing . ” “ I could n't sleep , so I decided to go downstairs and get a coffee .
I thought that you might like one too . ”
She handed him the cup .
“ I did n't know what you liked , so I guessed . ”
He pulled off the lid and peered inside .
“ Black coffee .
You guessed right . ” “ You seem the type .
There 's a muffin in the bag if you want it . ”
He reached in and pulled out the oversized blueberry muffin .
“ Thanks . ”
Beth went over to the window and pulled back the drapes .
The sky had just begun to lighten .
A purplish glow bathed the concrete city across the bay .
Beth curled up on the windowsill .
At least there were benefits for being up so early .
“ I thought you 'd still be asleep when I got back , ” she said .
He moved to the opposite corner of the window and leaned his hip against it .
“ I heard you leave . ” “ Sorry about that .
I tried to be quiet . ” “ I ' m a light sleeper . ”
He broke off a chunk of muffin and offered it to her .
Beth shook her head .
“ I had a banana in the cafe . ”
He looked at her for a long moment .
“ You did n't eat much at dinner last night . ”
Beth looked out at the view and away from his gaze .
“ Yeah , well , I have a bridesmaid dress to fit into on Sunday . ” “ You 'll look great , ” he said , taking another sip of coffee .
The compliment , even as off - hand as it was , made her blush .
“ Thanks . ”
He finished the muffin in three bites , and downed the coffee just as fast .
There was a casual efficiency to every move he made that was almost hypnotic .
He fascinated her , she realized .
She liked watching him do even the most mundane things .
But it was n’t necessarily the best idea to spend too much time getting to know him .
She might not know who he was , but she knew who he was n’t .
He was n't really Charlie Parker , the music executive who lived in a luxury penthouse in Nob Hill .
He was some nameless car thief who was up to God only knew what .
Which meant that if she was any kind of smart , she 'd get all her looking in now .
She did n't have any plans to jump in bed with him , no matter what Isobel said .
But looking ?
That was another matter entirely .
“ I ' m going to take a shower , ” he said , pushing away from the wall .
He crumpled the pastry bag and shot it into the wastebasket on the far side of the room .
Good shot .
Great one , actually .
Beth clapped , and he flashed her the kind of smile that had her holding onto the windowsill for support .
She tried to talk herself out of watching him as he walked across the room , but it was no use .
Halfway to the bathroom , he started to lift his shirt .
Her eyes fixed on him as he pulled it over his head , revealing a back that was ripped with muscle .
Beth could n't turn away .
She could n't even close her mouth .
Her hand dropped limply to her side .
Please turn around .
Please turn around .
She repeated the prayer over and over in her mind .
She did n’t even care if he caught her gawking .
All right , maybe she would mind a little .
But as it turned out , she did n't have to worry about it .
He walked straight into the bathroom without looking back .
A moment later she heard the water turn on .
She took another sip of her hazelnut latte .
Damn , what she would do to be in there with him .
Hey , she needed to shower too , right ?
What would he do if she walked in there , stripped out of her clothes and joined him ?
Beth laughed .
Yeah , right .
Like she ’d ever have the nerve to do something like that .
She 'd be better served by getting ready for her day .
She went to the wardrobe and picked out a blouse and skirt .
She 'd have to shave her legs , and then make it downstairs before everyone else had breakfast .
She was meeting up with the rest of the bridesmaids to get their nails done .
After that , she 'd promised Isobel that she would walk the four blocks to the florist and check on the order for the ceremony .
There would n't be time for that long soak in the magnificent tub today .
Maybe tonight .
This morning she ’d have to settle for a quick shower .
Alone .
Beth paused as she was pulling out the pink silk shirt she planned to wear today .
All the clothes in the wardrobe were hers .
She looked around the room .
She did n't see anything that belonged to Charlie .
No bags .
No suitcases .
She should n't pry .
She knew she should n't .
Remember what happened to that curious cat , she reminded herself .
She looked at the bathroom door .
It was still shut tight .
The water was still running .
One little look around would n't hurt anything .
What if he was hiding something dangerous in their room ?
A bomb or something ?
She had every right to know about that , she figured .
The only other door was the one to the closet .
Just one look .
She rushed over to the door and slid it open .
Just a crack .
The suit he 'd been wearing yesterday hung on the rack .
There were two more , just as fine , next to it .
There was also a duffle bag on the floor .
That was it .
Nothing that pointed to who her Charlie really was .
But at least she had n’t found anything dangerous .
Not unless it was in the duffle bag .
She stared at it .
It was a plain - looking thing , military green and made out of a thick , well - worn fabric .
It had seen some use .
Years of it , given the wear around the edges .
It was also incredibly out of place next to the Italian suits .
If there was anything real about her Charlie in this hotel room , it was in there .
It was closed up tight , except for one zipper that was undone on the far side .
Beth leaned forward , then stopped herself .
She could n't .
It was n't right .
She 'd flip out if she caught him going through her personal stuff .
But was n’t that essentially what he had done by moving her to this room ?
Someone had to move her things from the first room to here .
Someone had to hang her clothes in the wardrobe .
He 'd arranged all that without asking .
If she 'd had any secrets , they would have been discovered .
She still could n't bring herself to do it .
Brazenly spying on him just was n't her style .
But if by some accident she happened to sneak a little peek inside , well , that was different .
She let the empty coffee cup in her hand fall to the floor next to the bag .
“ Oops , ” she said .
She bent down , peering into the unzipped compartment .
A glint of metal caught the light from the fixture above her .
Beth jetted backward , her paper cup forgotten .
Her breath was heavy and fast .
She struggled to control it .
She did n't need a closer look to know what was hiding inside the pocket of the duffle bag .
She recognized the barrel of a gun when she saw one .
“ Are you okay ? ” a calm voice asked behind her .
Beth shot up to her feet .
Charlie was standing in the doorway of the bathroom .
A towel was wrapped around his waist , giving her a clear view of his chiseled bare chest .
It was every bit as glorious as she ’d hoped it would be , but she did n't spare it a second glance .
“ Y - yeah , ” she stuttered .
“ Everything 's cool . ”
Dear God , she should n't have done that .
When would she ever learn to listen to that warning voice in her head ?
She liked it so much better just a few minutes ago .
Back when she ’d been able to believe the fantasy she 'd created about this stranger she was sharing intimate space with .
That he was some kind of gentleman thief — more Robin Hood than common criminal .
His eyes went from her to the open closet door .
His gaze became guarded .
Beth tensed , waiting for what came next .
“ What 's going on ? ” he asked , his voice even and measured .
“ Nothing , ” she said too quickly .
“ I just dropped something . ” “ In the closet ? ” “ I was just poking around the room . ”
She tried to play it cool , but she could n't have acted guiltier if she tried .
But she was guilty , and that guilt was quickly turning into fear .
He was armed .
Maybe heavily .
Who knew what else was in that bag ?
He could have a whole damn armory in there .
What in the world was he planning to do with it ?
He did n't move away from the door .
He just stood there , his eyes steady on her .
The seconds crept by in silence , and Beth felt every one of them .
She felt the pressure to say something weighing heavy on her shoulders , but there was n't any explanation she could give .
She could ask him what he was planning to do with the gun , but she feared he might answer her .
“ Did something happen ? ” he asked .
There was a world of meaning behind that question .
“ Nope .
Everything ’s fine . ”
He took a step forward , and she skittered back .
He stopped .
His grip tightened on his towel , the first sign of tension that she 'd seen in him .
“ That 's right , Beth .
Everything is fine . ”
He said the words slowly .
His voice was low .
He was trying to calm her down , she realized .
She questioned his motivations .
Was she really safe , or did he just want to keep her quiet ?
After another second , he started for the closet .
Beth pressed her back into the wall behind her as he passed .
He glanced inside and seemed satisfied that nothing had been touched .
He slid the door closed .
“ Is there anything you want to ask me ? ” he said , turning toward her .
Beth shook her head .
“ Are you sure ? ” he asked .
He inched forward , but Beth did n't sense any menace in his movements .
Still , she remembered the shining barrel of the gun in the closet .
People did n't keep those things around for petting puppies .
She forced herself to lift her head and look him in the eye .
“ I just want to know if everything is going to be all right . ”
His shoulders fell a little .
It was a convoluted sentiment and yet he seemed to understand her perfectly .
He leaned in a little closer , but Beth kept her back pressed against the wall .
“ Everything is going to be fine , ” he assured her .
“ You 're safe .
Your family is safe .
Your friends are safe . ”
He spoke slowly , giving her time to let the words sink in .
She nodded , wanting to believe him for the same strange reason that she ’d believed everything he ’d said since the moment she met him , even knowing that this time she had every reason not to .
But she did , though not with the same blind trust that she had given before .
He had n't done anything to hurt her .
All he ’d done was help her .
Still , she could n't help but be wary .
She was n't stupid .
Beth tilted her head to the side , concern rushing back over her .
There was one person he had n’t mentioned .
“ Are you safe ? ” she asked .
The question seemed to throw him .
For a brief moment there was a hitch in his relaxed demeanor .
Tension flashed in his eyes , though Beth could n't imagine why .
He shrugged but did n't answer .
Beth swallowed past the lump in her throat .
No answer was all the answer she needed .
“ I guess you still are n’t going to tell me what 's really going on here , ” she said .
He shook his head slowly .
“ Good guess . ”


Chapter 5


Alex uncrossed his legs and tried to resettle himself into a more comfortable spot in his seat .
The antique couches that lined the lobby were nice to look at , but they were n’t exactly plush .
The cushions were painfully thin and the backings were as hard as stone .
It was n’t the type of thing he usually minded .
He ’d done surveillance in much worse conditions for longer periods of time without a single complaint .
He could n’t blame his lack of sleep .
Sure , he ’d only dipped in and out of the lightest sleep last night .
His mind had buzzed , working out the details in this new little wrinkle in his assignment .
That this new wrinkle happened to be an attractive and intriguing woman sleeping not twenty feet from him had nothing to do with it .
But Alex knew from experience what sleep deprivation felt like , and this was n’t it .
No , what had him squirming in his seat was the look in her eyes as she ’d left the room this morning .
She was scared .
He could understand why she would be scared of him .
It was a perfectly rational reaction .
But that was n’t it .
Not entirely .
She was scared for him .
No one ever worried about him .
No one . Ever .
All morning he 'd struggled against the urge to reach out and pull her close .
To wrap his arms around her and feel that soft mouth under his again .
He ’d passed it off as simple lust , something he understood well .
But with that one look , she had floored him .
He did n’t know what to make of it .
He did n’t know how to feel .
Sitting in the windowsill , she 'd been so open .
So truthful .
She 'd thought of him when she did n't have to .
She 'd bought him breakfast after all the trouble and confusion he had caused .
It was funny to think about it , but that muffin might have been the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
Alex picked up the tablet at his side and pretended to read .
He had to get back to thinking about his assignment , instead of a pair of soulful brown eyes .
He ’d been in this spot for an hour now , and no one familiar or suspicious had passed by .
He had n't really expected any action .
John ’s DHS team had all the entrances and exits covered .
They would let him know if anyone of interest was on the move .
If anything was going to happen this morning between the Munoz ’s and his CIA leak it was doubtful that it would happen in clear view of the lobby .
He could have complained that he ’d wasted a whole morning , but that was n't why he was down here on this ridiculous excuse for a couch .
Not really .
Beth had gone down to the spa with the rest of the bridesmaids , and , once she was done , she would have to come through the lobby .
He had n’t figured out what he was going to say when he saw her .
He had n’t even made up his mind if he was going to approach her at all .
He did n't want to antagonize her if she still looked upset .
But he did want to see her .
For some reason that had become very important .
Alex turned his head at the sound of heels clicking on marble .
Beth was in the middle of a group of women making their way up the stairs .
She was laughing , but her smile was still tight .
Worry lines were etched around her eyes and forehead .
Her body was tense .
She gave Isobel Munoz a long hug , and then broke away from the pack .
Alex tucked away his tablet , and rose , following close behind as she made her way to the front door of the lobby .
“ Beth , ” he said when he had almost caught up to her .
She turned around warily .
“ Hey , ” she said .
She did n't stop walking .
He fell into step beside her .
“ Where are you going ? ” “ I have an errand to run for Isobel . ” “ You want some company ? ” he asked .
That made her stop .
She looked at him long and hard .
She was worried he was dangerous .
And he was .
He would n't lie to her and tell her otherwise .
The truth was he was far more dangerous than she could ever imagine .
The only thing he could do was assure her that he would never harm her .
And he never would .
Never .
That she would even think it a possibility cut him deeper than he wanted to admit .
The look in her eyes was all apology when she opened her mouth .
Before she could say a word , Spencer and Jordan Masterson walked out of the café .
Jordan came over and clapped Alex on the back .
“ Hey guys , how are you ? ” he asked .
“ Just fine , ” Alex said .
Spencer Masterson stayed where he was .
His eyes were on Beth , and Alex did n't much like what he saw in them .
He was like a child who did n't like seeing some other kid playing with his toy .
There was a mix of jealousy and , more concerning , anger .
This was a man who did n't like to be shown up .
And he blamed Beth for his humiliation .
Alex hooked his arm around Beth 's , and met Spencer 's gaze full on .
After a second , Spencer looked away , but none of his petty displeasure had subsided .
“ Where are you guys off to ? ”
Jordan Masterson asked .
“ We have some errands to run , ” Alex said .
Beth 's eyes narrowed , but she did n't say a word .
“ Isobel 's hooked you into running around for her again ? ”
Spencer asked Beth .
Beth 's smile was strained and shaky .
She was a terrible actress .
“ I do n't mind , ” she said .
“ That ’s right .
We do n't mind at all , ” Alex said looking Spencer straight in the eye .
His stare was enough to drain some of the swagger out of the cocky son - of - a - bitch .
Some , but not all .
“ You ’d better be careful , Charlie .
Beth does n’t like guys who speak for her , ” he said .
“ Really ?
Because from what I ’ve heard , you were never really the best judge of her likes and dislikes . ” “ Boys , ” Beth said , rolling her eyes .
She was obviously annoyed with the pair of them .
“ Why do you even care what I ’ m doing , Spencer ?
Do n’t you have plans of your own ? ”
A slow smile spread across his face .
He looked Alex up and down .
“ Yeah , I ’ve got a few things of my own to look into today . ” “ Good luck with that , ” Alex said , hooking his arm around Beth ’s tense back and leading her toward the hotel doors .


* * *


She was stuck with Charlie .
It had to be written in the stars .
She ’d told him three dozen times in the four block walk to the florist that she did n't need him around , that he could go back to the hotel , that she was fine on her own .
But he refused to take a hint .
The worst part of it was that she was n't even sure that she wanted him to .
She knew that she should — he had proven to be a dangerous man , after all — but knowing something and feeling it were two different things .
And the truth was , she was having a hell of a time getting him out of her head .
She 'd wasted her time in the spa trying to figure out her feelings toward him .
She felt some fear , sure .
She was n't used to guns or secret plans .
But for some reason she was n't scared of him .
He 'd been kind to her .
He 'd been helpful .
He 'd had every reason to be angry with her this morning for poking her nose into his stuff , but he had n't been .
He 'd actually tried to calm her down .
So she 'd wasted what should have been the most relaxing time before the wedding desperately trying to figure him out .
After two hours , she still did n't have an answer .
She 'd been hoping that a nice long walk alone might bring some clarity , but then he 'd appeared at her side .
She should be past letting him surprise her .
She opened the door of florist shop and found him exactly where she ’d left him , leaning against a brick wall , watching the traffic go by .
He turned his face toward her as she stepped outside .
“ All done ? ” he asked .
She nodded .
“ Was that all you needed to do ? ” “ Yeah . ”
She started walking back in the direction of the hotel .
Within a few steps he was right back at her side .
“ Do you want to get some lunch ? ”
He gave her the same smile that he had given her in the lounge last night , the one that turned her knees to jelly and set her heart fluttering in her chest .
She had n't felt those things since she 'd been sixteen and Carlos Diaz had put his arm around her at a party .
“ There was an Ethiopian place that we passed on our way here that looked pretty good . ” “ Um , I ' m not sure , ” she said .
“ How 's that ?
Either you 're hungry or you 're not . ”
Beth stopped mid - stride and turned toward him .
“ Why do you want to have lunch with me ? ” “ I did n't know I needed a reason , ” he said .
She sighed and shook her head .
“ Yeah , you do .
And a good one , too .
Because I want to know what the hell is going on here . ” “ Nothing is going on , ” he said .
“ Like hell , ” she said .
“ I do n't know anything about you , Charlie .
I do n't even know your real name .
All I do know is that you are armed , and have mysterious plans for the hotel that my best friend is getting married in this weekend .
You 're helping me with my silly little domestic problems , even though I ca n't figure out any way that it could possibly benefit you .
And despite all of this , I ca n't seem to get you out of my head .
So , yeah , I ' m going to need a reason that I should be in your presence any more than I absolutely have to . ” “ You ca n't stop thinking about me ? ”
A grin pulled up the corners of his mouth .
Beth threw her hands up in the air .
She turned away from him and strode in the direction of the hotel .
She would n't slow down until she got there .
Screw her pride .
She 'd hide out for the rest of the weekend in Isobel 's room if she had to .
Poor Jordan might find it a little awkward come Sunday night , but she was sure he 'd understand once she explained .
Sorry Jordan , but your wedding night is going to have to wait since through a series of mind - blowingly bad decisions , I have passed off a felon as my boyfriend , and he 's down in my room right now , planning God knows what .
Her humiliation would be complete .
“ Beth , ” his voice sounded a few feet behind her .
She ignored him and kept going .
She stormed her way through the crowded sidewalk .
She weaved in and out of the crowd , tears welling up in her eyes .
Pity was a self - indulgent emotion , but if she 'd ever been tempted to give in to it , now was the time .
Beth lifted her head just in time to see a man walking right toward her .
She moved a few inches to the right .
He mirrored her moves .
Beth slowed her step .
There was a look in the man ’s eyes that disturbed her .
Something was n't right .
“ Beth , ” Charlie shouted .
There was no annoyance in his voice now , only warning .
Beth stopped cold .
Something glinted in the man ’s hand .
The same glint she 'd seen from Charlie 's bag .
He had a gun .
And he was coming for her .
She did n't have time to run .
He was only a couple of feet away .
She did n't even have time to scream .
A second later , Beth was jarred hard to the left .
Charlie 's body slammed into her , shoving her into a small dark alley .
She stumbled but kept her feet .
The alley was narrow , only big enough for a trash can to be pulled between two buildings .
It was barely wide enough for her to see around Charlie .
He stood with his back to her at the entrance of the alley .
His whole demeanor had changed .
His shoulders were locked , his legs braced .
He was ready for a fight .
He was trying to protect her , she realized .
The stupid man was going to get himself killed .
You could n't punch your way out of a gun fight .
Even Beth knew that .
The man with the gun turned the corner , right into Charlie 's path .
Beth screamed out to warn him .
She need n't have bothered .
Charlie 's palm shot out and curled around the man 's right wrist .
He wrenched it back at an unnatural angle .
The man 's face contorted in pain , but he held tight to the weapon .
Charlie pulled back farther , until there was a sickening crack of bone and tendon .
Only then did the man 's hand involuntarily drop the gun .
It clattered on the pavement and slid into the drainage ditch by the side of the building .
Even with a badly broken wrist , the man still went after Charlie , punching with his left hand .
Charlie ducked out of the way and the heel of his hand crashed against the man ’s nose .
Blood poured out , but the attacker still kept coming .
There was a lethal grace to Charlie 's movements , and his attacker ’s , as well .
Fists flew faster than Beth could keep track of in the small , dark space .
There was no wasted movement .
No time to get a reaction wrong .
He 's coming for me , she thought .
It did n't make any sense .
There was no reason .
And yet she knew it as surely as anything .
This man did n't just want to kill someone .
He wanted to kill her .
And if Charlie fell , he was going to .
But Charlie did n't fall .
Beth watched in wonder as every punch Charlie threw connected .
The man stumbled back a few feet at Charlie 's last blow .
Both men had time to regroup .
The attacker pulled out a shiny blade .
Thin and four inches long , he held it in his palm like it was an extension of his hand .
The next hit he connected to Charlie would kill him .
The man smiled through the fountain of blood that poured down his face .
This fight was as good as over .
He rushed Charlie .
Charlie did n't flinch .
He waited until the man barreling toward him was close , then he slid his back against the wall and used the man 's own momentum against him .
Charlie pushed against his attacker ’s back .
The man stumbled , unable to regain his balance .
He fell past Charlie , stopping just short of Beth .
She skittered back until her back was against the wall at the back of the alley .
She was trapped .
The man looked up .
His eyes locked with hers .
His mouth twisted up in a murderous grin .
He rushed her .
Faster than Beth could blink , Charlie wrapped his arms around the man ’s neck .
With one sickening twist , her attacker ’s head snapped to the side .
A vacant look instantly filled his eyes , and his body went slack .
His dead weight slumped to the ground .
Beth stared .
That did n't just happen .
It could n't have .
She pressed her spine against the jagged brick wall at her back , desperate to get away from the body .
A body .
Dear God , there was a dead body in front of her .
Dead eyes looked past her , but she could n't look away .
“ Beth . ”
She barely heard her name .
It sounded like it was coming from far away .
Her knees began to buckle .
She did n't want to fall .
If she did , she ’d fall on top of it .
Oh God .
She opened her mouth , but all that came out was a rush of air that sputtered at the end .
“ Are you all right ? ”
Charlie grasped her upper arms , forcing her to meet his gaze .
She kept staring at the dead man .
Charlie gave her a little shake when she did n't answer .
“ Are you hurt ? ”
She looked up at him .
There was concern in his eyes .
Concern and something else . Fear .
He was afraid she 'd been hurt .
The concern confused her more than anything .
He 'd just killed a man , right in front of her .
And he 'd done it with a kind of graceful efficiency that told her this was n't the first time he 'd done such a thing .
“ Beth ? ”
She shook her head .
“ I - I ' m not hurt , ” she said .
He looked her up and down once before trusting her words .
Only then did he let her go .
“ Do n't look at him , Beth , ” Charlie said calmly .
“ Look at me . ”
Beth snapped her eyes back to Charlie ’s face and kept them there .
“ Y - you killed him . ”
Her lips struggled to form the words .
“ I did , ” he said .
He put his hand out to her .
It was covered in blood .
“ You ’re safe now . ” “ You killed him , ” she repeated , louder this time .
He held his finger up to his lips .
She glanced behind him .
Just beyond was a city street , filled with sunlight and people .
Someone could walk by at any moment .
Someone could look down the alley and catch them with a dead body .
“ I had to .
He was going to kill you , Beth . ”
She shook her head frantically .
“ Why ?
Why would anyone want to kill me ? ”
The words tumbled out of her .
She did n't expect an answer , and he did n't give one .
“ Breathe , ” he told her .
“ Sit down if you need to . ”
Beth nodded .
She derived a strange sense of calm from the orders that he gave her .
Someone else was in charge , and she did n't have to figure out what to do .
She only had to listen .
There was no reason in her brain right now .
There was only the haunting image of life flickering out of the dead man 's eyes .
She slid down the wall until her legs were tucked underneath her .
“ I need to move him , ” Charlie said .
His words floated in and out of Beth 's head .
“ You might want to look away . ”
Beth nodded , but her eyes stayed fixed on Charlie as he grabbed the dead man by the arms .
He pulled him easily around the corner .
With barely a grunt , he lifted the large man into the dumpster and arranged some garbage bags over him .
Then he pulled out his phone .
He pressed a single button and waited .
He spoke softly into the phone .
Beth did n't catch every word he said , but it sounded like he was giving someone their location .
After that there were some words she did n't understand , then a series of letters and numbers .
Beth did n't try too hard to make sense of it .
A minute later , he came over and held out his hand .
She stared at it .
He 'd wiped off most of the blood , but there was still some buried in the creases of his palm and underneath his fingernails .
“ Beth , ” he prompted her , breaking her out of her dark thoughts .
“ I need to get you out of here . ”
Her hand was openly shaking as she slid it into his .
He pulled her up , and tucked her against his side .
Beth winced as the light hit her eyes , making it almost impossible to see in the bright , midday sun .
She had n't been in the alley for more than a few minutes , but it seemed like an eternity .
“ Should n't we call the police ? ” she asked , once her brain had caught up .
“ I 've already taken care of it , ” he said .
The phone call .
Of course he had .
He started walking , pulling her behind him on the sidewalk .
“ Should n't we wait until they get here ? ” she asked .
He shook his head .
“ No .
There might be more men .
They might be watching us right now . ”
Beth 's heart pounded .
He did n’t have to clarify who he meant .
More men who wanted to attack her .
They could be around every corner .
But why would they be ?
It did n't make any sense .
None of this did .
She stumbled , and he pulled her closer .
She leaned against him , her legs like jelly , letting him take the brunt of her weight .
He did n't seem to mind .
“ It 's just the adrenaline , ” he said .
“ You 'll be fine in a little while . ”
She nodded because she could n't think of anything else to do .
The people passing by paid them no attention .
They did n't seem to notice the flecks of blood that dotted Charlie 's jacket , or her shaking legs .
“ It 's only another couple of blocks back to the hotel , ” he said .
“ You 're going to make it . ”
Of course she would .
What choice did she have ?
She could n't break down in the middle of the street , just because her entire life had just changed back in that alley .
She ’d watched a man die .
She ’d been part of it .
She could n't think about that .
Right now , all she had to do was concentrate on keeping one foot in front of the other .
Somehow she managed .
Then she had to get up to the fourth floor .
She pulled away from Charlie and hurried through the lobby .
She did n't care anymore if anyone thought that something was wrong with her .
All she wanted to be was safe in her room , reasonably certain that no one with a gun or knife would be coming through the locked door .
She took the stairs .
There was no way that she was waiting for the elevator .
Charlie kept pace with her .
She did n't stop until every lock on the door was bolted behind her .
Then the tears came .
She was n't even aware of them at first .
It was n’t until her shoulders started shaking that she realized she was crying .
Her legs gave out underneath her and she crumpled onto the floor .
In an instant , Charlie was there , wrapping his arms around her .
He pulled her in close , just like he 'd done when he was helping her back to the hotel .
Just like he 'd been every moment since she 'd walked into the hotel .
Charlie was there .


Chapter 6


He let her cry .
He could n’t have stopped her sobs even if he wanted to .
Besides , it was better if she processed all the emotions swirling inside her .
Her mind would be clearer once she got it all out of her system .
Maybe then he would be able to get the information he needed from her .
They had very little time before guests arrived .
It would n't take long for John ’s crew to find the body and clean up the mess .
After that John would be coming up to talk to Beth .
There were still tears in Beth ’s eyes when she stopped crying ten minutes later , but the worst of the shaking had subsided .
He helped her up off the floor and led her to a chair , sitting down next to her .
“ We have to talk , ” he said quietly .
She stared off into the distance for a second before nodding .
“ Can you think of any reason why someone would want you dead ? ” he asked .
She turned toward him , her eyes unfocused .
First , confusion swam in the honey - brown depths , then certainty .
“ No one , ” she said .
“ That guy had to be a mugger or something .
A random psychopath . ” “ No , he was n’t . ” “ Of course he was . ”
He could see the wheels turning in her head , as she frantically tried to make sense of a situation that had ripped a hole in all that she believed .
He 'd seen it so many times , but he ’d never before wanted to pull someone into his arms and tell them that everything was going to be all right .
“ That man was n't a mugger , Beth .
His name was Bruno Staal .
He was a well known hit man for several criminal organizations . ” “ You knew him ? ” she asked .
Her eyes lit up with certainty .
“ He was after you . ” “ He was n't . ” “ Of course he was .
It 's the only thing that makes sense . ”
Alex shook his head .
“ Staal did n't give me a second look until I pushed you into that alley . ” “ Then how did you know him ? ” she asked .
“ It ’s my job to know . ” “ Your job ? ”
The look in her eyes changed .
Wariness filled her body .
She pulled away , just a fraction of an inch , enough to feel like she 'd stabbed a dagger deep into his chest .
“ Who the hell are you ?
I want the truth . ”
He sighed , and leaned back in his chair .
“ My name is Alex Tanner .
I ’ m with the CIA . ”
She looked at him in confusion , as if he had spoken a foreign language she did n't understand .
“ The CIA ? ” she repeated .
He nodded .
“ What the hell is the CIA doing at my best friend 's wedding ? ” “ Not the whole CIA .
Just me .
The mission I ’ m on is being led by the Department of Homeland Security . ” “ A mission ?
What mission could you possibly have at Isobel 's — ” She stopped short , her mouth slightly open as she thought .
“ This has to do with Isobel 's uncle , does n't it ? ”
He leaned forward .
“ You know about Salvatore Munoz ? ” “ Yeah , I guess .
Only what Isobel has told me .
I know he ’s bad news .
I 've only met him a couple of times , but each time he ’s freaked me out , ” she said .
“ You think that someone associated with Salvatore Munoz wants to kill me ? ” “ Staal was a known associate of Munoz .
He was connected to over a hundred murders and disappearances .
If he was coming for you today , there was a reason .
He received his orders from someone . ”
Fear lit up her eyes .
She wrapped her arms around her middle .
He did n't like seeing her afraid , but he was n't going to lie to her .
If she was marked by Munoz she had a right to know just how bad it was .
He reached out and put a hand on her knee .
She looked at it warily , but did n't move away .
“ What I said this morning is still true , Beth .
I will keep you safe .
I promise . ”
Three light knocks rapped against the door .
Beth nearly jumped out of the chair , her eyes wide with fear .
“ It 's all right , ” he said .
“ We 're expecting company . ”


* * *


Beth jumped to her feet as a stranger entered the room .
He was tall , solidly built and looked to be about the same age as Char — Alex .
The men greeted each other with a handshake .
Still , Beth went around to the other side of the chair .
Alex might know this guy , but that did n't mean that she was going to greet him with open arms .
Hell , she was n't sure if she would ever trust another stranger in her life .
The men whispered for a couple of seconds .
The stranger ’s eyes flashed toward her .
She really wanted to believe Alex when he said that he was going to keep her safe , but this was n't exactly the kind of behavior that inspired confidence .
“ Hey , ” she said .
Both men turned toward her .
“ Maybe I 've seen too many movies , but please tell me that this is n't the part where you decide that I know too much , then turn around and shoot me . ”
The stranger arched a brow but no other hint of expression showed on his face .
If his career in government intimidation did n’t work out , he had a future as a poker player .
“ Miss Bradley ? ” “ Yeah , ” she said , gripping the back of the chair even tighter .
She had the distinct feeling she 'd just poked a tiger with a stick .
“ I am Agent John Ryman , and I assure you I came up here with no intention of doing you any harm . ”
Beth looked toward Alex for confirmation .
“ It 's okay , Beth .
John is cool , ” he said .
“ You ’re sure about that ? ”
He gave a little laugh .
“ Yeah , I ’ m sure . ” “ How are you sure ? ”
She was n’t taking anything on faith right now .
“ We were in the Navy together . ”
She looked between the two formidable men .
“ What , were you guys on the same SEAL team , or something ? ”
Alex and his friend stared at her silently .
Okay , then .
Agent Ryman took a step toward her .
Beth fought off the urge to take a step back .
There was nothing soothing or suave about the man .
She did n't doubt for a second that he was every bit as deadly and dangerous as Alex … Agent Alex Tanner .
He just did n't hide it nearly as well .
“ Why do n't you tell me everything that happened this afternoon , Miss Bradley , ” he said , taking a seat .
The fact that he was lower than her did nothing to take away his menacing air .
Beth shot a glance at Alex .
“ John ’s here to help , ” he said .
“ A crazy man came after me with a gun , ” she said .
“ There is n't much more to the story . ” “ Can you think of any reason why someone would want to put a hit out on you ? ”
Agent Ryman asked .
“ No .
It does n’t make any sense . ”
Agent Ryman ’s eyes narrowed .
“ There has to be some reason . ”
Beth ’s pulse began to race .
It was bad enough nearly getting killed out in the street .
She did n’t need some thick - necked stranger suggesting that she ’d brought it on herself .
“ And if I knew it , I would tell you , ” Beth said .
“ Is n’t it possible that this Bruno guy was just trying to get to Charlie — I mean , Alex — through me ? ” “ Doubtful , ” Agent Ryman said .
Beth waited for him to explain , but he did n’t say anything else .
Apparently , she was just supposed to take his word for it .
Yeah , that was n’t going to happen .
“ And why is it so doubtful ? ” she asked , narrowing her eyes .
A sardonic smile lifted just the right corner of John ’s lips .
He glanced down at the floor , shaking his head .
“ If Bruno Staal had known that he would be meeting Alex in that alley today he would have come armed with a hell of a lot more than a pistol and a knife .
He would have brought an army . ”
Agent Ryman ’s words drained the fire out of Beth 's belly , and she swallowed hard .
Who the hell was Alex Tanner ?
Was he really as dangerous as this guy made him sound ?
Of course he was .
She 'd already seen proof of that .
Her hands started to shake again .
Agent Ryman looked up at Alex .
It was obvious that the men had known each other for a while .
Alex took over .
“ I need you to focus , Beth .
Is there any reason that Isobel ’s uncle might want to hurt you ? ”
She shook her head emphatically .
“ No .
I barely know Salvatore .
I 've probably only said half a dozen words to him in the last fifteen years . ” “ It ’s okay , Beth .
Just think .
Is there anything that happened in the past ? ” “ Nothing . ”
Agent Ryman leaned forward .
“ How about the bride ?
Isobel ?
Could she have any reason to want you dead ? ”
Beth ’s fear instantly turned to anger at the question .
She glared at him .
Trained killer or not , she was n't about to listen to him slander her friend .
“ This has nothing to do with Isobel . ” “ We ca n't be sure of that , ” Agent Ryman said evenly .
“ You might not be sure , but I ' m goddamned certain , ” she said .
“ Char — Alex , tell this guy that there 's no way that Isobel is involved with anything to do with her uncle .
She 's as afraid of him as I am . ” “ John ’s just doing his job .
He 's here to help keep you safe , and right now that means we ca n't rule out any option , ” Alex said , lowering his voice .
She was starting to recognize the manipulation technique .
Well , it was n't going to work on her .
They could go and find someone else to play good cop / bad cop with .
Or whatever the hell they were .
“ You ’re wasting your time looking at Isobel , ” she said .
“ But to answer your question , no .
There ’s no reason she ’d want to hurt me .
I ’ m her maid of honor , for heaven ’s sake . ”
Agent Ryman leaned forward .
“ Think hard , Miss Bradley .
Something had to spark this attempt on your life .
At this point nothing is too small to consider . ” “ Seriously , there 's been noth — ” Beth froze , her tongue still trapped between her teeth .
The memory of Salvatore ’s angry face flashed through her mind .
She 'd interrupted him in the laundry room .
She remembered the envelope , the briefcase that had been pushed his way .
The murderous look in his eyes when he ’d seen her .
She thought of what the man with him had whispered to Salvatore .
Not here .
Oh , dear God .
Beth looked up from the floor .
Her gaze locked with Alex 's .
“ I think I know what this is about . ”
She relayed the story of what had happened earlier that morning .
Alex stiffened as she told the details of the threat she had seen in his eyes .
Agent Ryman listened with less attention .
“ I was so upset after finding your gun this morning that I guess I forgot all about it , ” she said .
“ I have n't thought about it all day . ” “ You found Alex ’s gun ? ”
Agent Ryman asked incredulously , cracking a trace of a grin at Alex .
Alex brushed him off .
“ This man who was with Salvatore Munoz , did you get a good look at him ? ” he asked .
“ Yeah , I guess so .
He was as close to me as Salvatore was . ” “ Do you think that you would recognize him if you saw him again ? ”
Alex asked .
Beth nodded .
That moment was etched in her mind .
She recalled every second and sound of it .
If she ever ran into that man again , she 'd know .
“ Can you give me a description ? ”
Agent Ryman asked .
“ White guy . Tall . . .ish , maybe six feet .
Brown hair , cut above his ears .
Late thirties , early forties .
Brown eyes .
He was wearing a black suit with a white shirt . ”
Alex and Agent Ryman shared a look , not a particularly happy one .
She 'd just described about a third of the hotel 's guests .
“ Was there anything distinguishing about him at all ? ”
Ryman asked .
Beth shook her head .
“ Not that I can remember , ” she said .
“ Is he important ? ”
The men glanced at each other before looking back at her .
She knew what they were doing — they were figuring out how much to tell her , and she did n't like it one bit .
She had spilled everything she knew , even when all she had wanted to do was curl up into a ball and hide under the bed for the next ten years .
“ Tell me who he is , ” she said .
“ If my life is in danger , I deserve to know . ” “ The man you saw is the reason why I ’ m at this hotel , ” Alex said after a long moment had passed .
“ I thought you were here for Salvatore Munoz . ” “ That ’s why he ’s here . ”
Alex inclined his head toward Agent Ryman .
“ I ’ m here to capture a CIA leak . ” “ So , who is this guy ? ” she asked .
“ We do n't know , ” Agent Ryman said .
“ What do you mean you do n't know ? ” “ Around the time that we found out that Munoz would be traveling to the United States , we discovered a breach of classified information concerning the strategic oil reserves .
We have reason to believe that someone working inside the CIA is looking to sell that information to the Venezuelans . ” “ That must have been what I interrupted . ” “ It makes sense , ” Alex said .
“ They would have to meet face to face .
A digital transmission would be too easy for us to trace .
Whoever this guy is , he knows that .
He 's good at covering his tracks . ”
Beth rounded the chair and sat down .
She was n’t frightened anymore .
She was just tired .
“ So , I ’ m the only one who can identify him ? ” she asked , deflating as reality sunk in .
“ It looks that way , ” Agent Ryman said .
“ This guy you ’re after , he ’s not just going to give up , is he ?
He ’s going to come after me again . ” “ I ’ m not going to let anything happen to you , ” Alex said .
And she wanted to believe him .
Dear God , she did .
But , as usual , what she wanted and reality were two different things .
“ I do n’t see how you can .
You ca n’t fight off every hit man in the world . ” “ Actually — ” Agent Ryman started .
“ And even if you could , ” she broke in before she could hear any more scary revelations about Agent Alex Tanner , “ I would never put you in that position . ”
Beth looked down at the floor .
It was far easier to face the wavy patterns in the carpet under her feet than the pained expression on Alex ’s face .
“ It ’s my job , ” he said .
She laughed without humor .
“ Of course , it is .
I think I liked it better when I thought you were going to hold us all for ransom . ” “ You thought I was going to hold you hostage ? ”
Alex asked .
Beth shook her head .
“ It was just one of many theories I had running in my head . ” “ You thought this , and you were n't going to try and stop me ? ” he asked , amused .
“ It was pretty far down on the list .
Mostly I just thought that you were going to rob the place . ” “ Yeah , that 's a lot better . ”
Beth shrugged .
Things had seemed a whole lot easier when she 'd woken up this morning .
Back then she 'd only been plagued by nightmares and existential dread .
Those were the days .
“ How bad would it be if the people Munoz works for got their hands on this information ? ” she asked .
“ Bad , ” Agent Ryman answered .
“ There are those who could profit a great deal if something were to happen to our oil supply . ”
Beth nodded .
A silence filled the room .
“ So what happens now ? ” “ Now , you leave the hotel with John , ” Alex said .
“ He 'll show you some pictures , and you see if you can pick out the man you saw . ” “ Leave ? ”
Beth said , looking up .
“ For how long ? ” “ For however long it takes for us to ensure your safety , ” he said .
“ I ca n't go .
Isobel 's wedding is in two days . ” “ It 's just a wedding , Beth .
It is n't worth your life . ”
Beth shook her head .
“ I ca n't just disappear .
What am I supposed to tell Isobel ? ” “ It does n't matter .
Tell her you ’re sick , ” he said .
“ She 's never going to believe that .
Especially if you ’re still hanging around , ” she said .
“ Why do n't you go grab Isobel ’s uncle , confiscate all his stuff and ship him out of the country ? ”
Ryman shook his head .
“ There are diplomatic issues . ” “ Diplomatic issues ?
Coming here to buy government secrets does n't qualify as a diplomatic issue ? ” “ I ca n’t do anything without proof , ” Agent Ryman said .
“ Sending a hit man after a witness does n’t qualify as proof ? ”
Agent Ryman sat back in his seat .
He rolled his eyes toward the ceiling and drew in a long breath .
Beth had the distinct feeling that he was a man who was n’t used to anyone talking back to him .
He looked over at Alex .
“ We need to talk , ” he said .
“ Alone . ”


* * *


“ We ca n’t take her out of this hotel . ” “ It 's not negotiable , John .
I ’ m not putting her in any more danger , ” Alex said .
“ We do n’t have a choice , ” John said .
“ It sounds like your guy has already made the drop .
The damage is done .
And your asset there is n’t going to fix it by looking through some personnel files . ” “ You ca n't be serious , ” Alex said .
His tone was low , his stare lethal .
John did n't blink .
“ You 're not thinking straight .
We ’ve been handed a perfect situation . ” “ Now I know you ’re joking .
Beth ’s life is on the line . ” “ Exactly .
We know your guy will come back to finish the job , and you have the perfect cover to be right next to her when he does . ” “ It ’s too risky .
I promised her I would n’t put her in harm ’s way , ” Alex said .
“ I think that you ’re letting your emotions get the better of you , ” John said .
“ There 's no emotion here . ” “ Really ?
Because you just snapped a man ’s neck without getting any useful information out of him . ”
Alex barked out a bitter laugh .
“ I got plenty of information .
Munoz is after Beth .
He wants her dead .
Staal did n't stop , not even once he knew he was outmatched .
He kept going for her .
They wo n't stop until they get her . ” “ Exactly .
They wo n't .
Ever , ” John said .
His tone was cold and practical .
“ So , I only see two choices here .
Your girl goes into hiding for the rest of her life , or we end this now .
The way I see it , we 're better off dealing with it here . ” “ With Beth as bait ?
It 's too risky . ” “ You 've only known this asset for a little over twenty - four hours , Alex .
Who is this woman , and what the hell does she mean to you ? ”
John asked .
There was concern in his friend 's eyes , and more than a little confusion .
Alex did n’t have an answer for him .
Not a good one , at any rate .
He was n't the kind to let his heart rule his head .
He was n't soft .
What was he supposed to say ?
That she had brought him a muffin ?
That her laugh made him smile ?
That her talent for finding trouble pulled at him in a way that he did n't fully understand ?
“ She does n't deserve any of this , ” he said , knowing full well that it was n't the answer John wanted .
“ She 's innocent . ” “ Innocent ?
You reported that she was blackmailing you . ” “ It was n’t like that , ” Alex protested .
“ Listen , Alex .
Beth is an asset .
A good one .
She 's the only person that can make a positive ID on our traitor .
We need her here , and you know it . ”
Alex shook his head even though John was right .
“ He ’ll come for her again , ” Alex said .
“ He does n’t have a choice . ” “ And we 'll be waiting for him , ” John said .
“ You both just have to go on like nothing has happened .
Keep up with the wedding .
It 'll confuse him .
It will make him bold . ”
Alex looked down .
He ground his back teeth .
“ I do n't like it , ” he said .
“ You do n't have to , ” John said .
“ But be careful , Alex .
We 're counting on this man 's emotions making him sloppy .
I ca n’t afford to have the same thing happen to you . ”


* * *


“ I ’ m staying , ” Beth said as the men came out of the bedroom .
She 'd heard the low murmur of their whispers , but she had n't been able to decipher the actual words .
Not that it took much imagination to figure it out .
Someone wanted her dead .
She could either run , or stand and fight .
Neither option thrilled her .
Still , she 'd made her decision .
She waited for them to say something , to start with the rationalizations , the manipulation , the bargaining , but it did n't come .
Both men stared at her , implacable .
Maybe she needed to go further .
“ These people are bad , are n't they ? ” “ Yeah , ” Alex said .
“ They 're not above going after the people that I care about to get to me , are they ? ” “ No , ” Agent Ryman said .
His voice was even , but she heard a slight hint of admiration .
Not that she cared .
She was n't doing this so anyone would think highly of her .
“ Then I ' m staying . ”
A muscle in Alex 's jaw twitched , but he did n't move any closer .
He stayed just outside the doorway .
His arms were crossed in front of his chest .
Whatever conclusion he and Agent Ryman had reached in the other room , it was pretty obvious that he did n't like it .
Her declaration was n't doing much to brighten his mood either .
“ I ' m glad that you feel that way , because we can use you , ” John Ryman said .
He took the seat across from the bed .
Alex grunted with irritation .
This was the first time that she had seen him this way , the first chink that she ’d glimpsed in his heavy armor .
It dawned on her that it was the first time that she was seeing him as his true self .
He ’d never quite fit into the mold that she had tried to cast for him , neither as Charlie or the nameless car thief .
But Agent Tanner fit him perfectly .
She was still uneasy with the skill and lack of hesitation with which he had dispatched the man who tried to kill her .
But at least he was on her side .
That counted for something .
Who was she kidding ?
Right now it counted for a whole hell of a lot .
Beth switched her attention to Agent Ryman as he explained the plan to have her continue her role of bridesmaid , luring the traitor out into the open .
It was a decent plan , even if the idea of being human bait made her stomach churn .
“ Alex will stay by your side every moment , ” John said .
Beth turned toward him .
“ I promised to keep you safe , and I ' m going to do that , ” he said .
He did n't seem too happy about it .
Beth knew a guilty face when she saw one .
“ Thanks , ” she said .
His jaw twitched again .
Apparently , he was n't much interested in having that guilt assuaged .
“ We 'll also be putting a full team into the hotel for the rest of the weekend , ” John said .
“ You may not see us , but rest assured , we ’ll be there . ”
Beth ’s life had turned upside down .
Now she had a bodyguard instead of a pretend boyfriend .
It was a covert operation instead of her best friend 's wedding .
“ You just let us know if you need anything , ” Agent Ryman said , standing up .
“ A cheeseburger , ” Beth said .
“ Excuse me ? ”
John Ryman said .
“ You just said to tell you if I need anything .
I need a cheeseburger .
And fries . ”
John gave her a slow nod .
“ With bacon , ” she added .
Alex raised his eyebrows .
“ What ?
I was just nearly murdered in the street .
On top of being scared and mentally exhausted , I ' m starving .
I think I deserve a little bacon . ”
For the first time since he 'd stepped into the room , Agent Ryman smiled .
“ I could n't agree more , Miss Bradley .
I 'll see what I can do for you . ”
The men nodded at each other .
Beth had no trouble hearing Agent Ryman ’s whisper this time .
“ I ’ve changed my mind .
When all this is over , you should marry her . ”


Chapter 7


Beth practically dove into the burger , which was dripping with melted cheese , bacon grease and beef juice .
If she had n’t seen Alex Tanner in a towel just that morning , she would have sworn that this burger was the sexiest thing she 'd ever laid eyes on .
After a month of fruit for breakfast and salads for everything else , it was ambrosia .
The gods themselves could n't have made a more perfect hamburger .
Beth wiped a dribble of cheddar off her chin .
She lifted her head and found Alex staring at her .
She tried for a smile , but her cheeks were still stuffed .
“ It 's good to see you eating , ” he said .
Beth swallowed .
“ I ' m not going to lie , this might be the best thing that I 've ever tasted . ”
Alex smiled back , but he stayed on the other side of the room .
He 'd been there ever since Agent Ryman had left .
She was still sitting cross - legged on the bed .
Something had changed .
She 'd say that he 'd become distant , but it was a physical distance only .
She could still feel the weight of his gaze on her .
His guilt had n’t faded .
And Beth doubted Alex was a man who spent much time feeling guilty .
She could help him with that .
If there was one thing she knew , it was how to carry that particular weight around .
“ Are n't you going to eat ? ” she asked .
Agent Ryman had sent up two trays , but Alex had n't touched his yet .
Alex shook his head .
“ You 're missing out , ” she said .
“ We should talk about your schedule for the next couple of days , ” he said after another few minutes had passed .
“ You ’ll probably have to cancel a few things . ” “ Okay . ”
Beth picked up her phone between bites and opened the calendar .
She listed off the events — a cocktail reception tonight , a trip to the Museum of Modern Art , the wedding rehearsal and the dinner that followed .
Then the ceremony on Sunday at noon .
She 'd have to spend the whole morning getting ready with Isobel .
“ You 'll have to cancel tomorrow ’s trip , ” he said .
Her smile fell .
She understood , but that did n’t mean that she was n’t disappointed .
She had been looking forward to spending a little more time with Isobel before she became Mrs . Masterson .
“ Should I cancel tonight as well ? ” she asked .
He thought for a moment .
“ No .
We 'd better go to that one , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to need to have you out in the open at some point . ”
Beth swallowed a little harder .
Out in the open .
She knew she was bait , but she did n’t much like the image that sprung up in her mind : a worm wriggling on a hook .
Alex did n’t seem any happier .
His scowl deepened .
“ It 's not your fault , you know , ” Beth said before taking another bite .
Alex turned away from the window .
“ Excuse me ? ” “ This whole situation .
None of it is your fault , ” she said .
The intensity in his eyes increased , and he stared at her for a few seconds .
Beth did her best not to squirm under his scrutiny .
Well , she was the one who opened the door .
She might as well go through it .
“ I ' m just saying that I probably would have gotten into trouble whether you were around or not . ” “ That does n't make any sense , Beth . ” “ Sure it does , ” she said .
“ I have a way of finding trouble .
I ’ m always stumbling into it . ”
She polished off the last of the fries on the plate .
They were perfect too .
Crisp on the outside , but inside they were so buttery they practically dissolved on her tongue .
Maybe it was n't sex that she was hard up for ; it was food .
She risked another glance at Alex .
Yeah , no such luck .
Her belly was full to bursting now , and he still looked every bit as smokin ' hot as he had this morning .
She finished chewing and swallowed .
This was n’t working .
He wanted a solution .
She wanted a conversation .
He took a step toward her .
His expression hardened .
It was n't guilt that was darkening his eyes now , but something else .
“ This is n't pretend , Beth .
This is n't trying to save face in front of your mother and ex - boyfriend .
There are men out there who are trying to kill you .
And they 're not going to stop until they do . ”
He stopped in the archway that separated the bedroom from the sitting room .
Something prevented him from coming closer .
He was afraid of something .
She could n't believe it .
She had n't known him all that long , granted , but she 'd never seen a flicker of anything close to fear pass through him .
But she did now .
“ I know , ” she said , trying to calm him .
“ No , you do n't , Beth . ”
She put her plate on the bedside table and swiveled around to step down on the floor .
Alex took a step back .
Dear God , he was afraid of her .
But that did n't make any sense .
Not even a little bit .
“ I ’ m just saying that even if I had n't met you , even if I had stayed in my own room last night , there is still a very good chance that I would n't have slept through the night , ” she said , sitting back down on the bed .
“ Sure , it would n’t have been the thought of you sleeping just a few feet away that would have woken me up .
But it would have been something else .
It 's always something . ” “ You were thinking about me ? ”
Beth rolled her eyes .
Of course she was .
Any woman with a pulse would be .
Surely he was aware of the effect he had on women — her in particular .
“ I ' m trying to tell you , that 's not important .
I could have just as easily been worrying about how Spencer was going to make my life miserable the next day .
Or how I was going to get through another morning with my mother on my back .
It does n't matter .
Either way , it would have been my body that John fished out of that dumpster today . ”
His expression turned hard .
She could n't blame him .
A cold shiver went through her .
“ The only reason that did n't happen is because you were there with me , ” she said .
His back was up against the archway .
Deep lines were etched around the corners of his eyes .
None of his tension faded .
Could n't he see that she was just trying to let him off the hook ?
“ I guess , I ' m just trying to say thank you , ” she said .
“ And I ' m sorry that I 've put you in the position of having to look out for me . ”
He shook his head .
“ You do n't know what you 're saying . ”
Beth laughed .
“ No , I think I do .
I know I 've been a pain in the ass since the moment that you met me . ” “ You ’re not so bad . ” “ You ’re sweet , but I know how I am , ” she said .
He was quiet for a long moment .
Beth did n’t push .
Instead , she just sat in silence and waited .
Waited for him to say something .
Anything .
“ You have dark circles under your eyes , ” he finally said .
It was n’t exactly the sentimental declaration she ’d been hoping for .
“ I ’ m a little tired , ” she said .
It was a lie .
She was exhausted .
He nodded .
His gaze was inscrutable .
“ You should take a nap before we have to go downstairs . ”
Beth suppressed a laugh .
“ After everything that ’s happened , I ’ m not sure I ’ll ever be able to feel safe enough to sleep again . ” “ It ’s all right , ” he said .
“ Rest .
I ’ll stand guard . ”
Beth nodded .
Her eyes were drooping before she ’d pulled a pillow out from under the bedspread .
She did n’t think that she ’d fall asleep , not with all the residual adrenaline pumping through her veins .
But there would n’t be any harm in closing her eyes .
Just for a few minutes .


* * *


Beth snapped her head up .
Her eyes flew open as a terrible buzzing filled the room .
She twisted around in the sheets looking for the source .
She found it on the bedside table .
Her phone .
She snatched it up and looked down at the screen .
Her mother .
Beth hit the decline button .
There was no way that she was awake enough to take that call right now .
Soft laughter came from the next room .
Beth put down the phone and squinted , trying to get her tired eyes to focus on the form sitting several feet away .
“ That thing has been going off practically non - stop since you fell asleep , ” Alex said .
She might not be able to see him clearly , but she ’d recognize that voice anywhere .
“ I ’ m amazed it took this long to wake you up . ”
Beth rubbed the sleep from her eyes .
“ How long have I been out ? ” she asked .
“ A while . ”
She checked her phone : it was six thirty - two . Crap .
No wonder the phone had been ringing off the hook .
They were over a half hour late for Isobel ’s cocktail reception .
She had four missed calls — three from her mother — and six unread text messages .
Beth flew from the bed , clutching her phone .
“ Why did you let me sleep so long ? ” she shouted as she ran into the bathroom .
“ You needed the rest , ” came the answer , without a hint of apology .
“ Besides , you ’re kind of cute when you ’re asleep . ”
Beth took stock of herself in the mirror .
Now she knew he was making fun of her .
Her clothes were terribly wrinkled .
Her hair was matted on one side .
And was that a line of dried drool on her cheek ?
Of course it was .
Heaven help her , she ’d probably been snoring too .
Beth fired off a quick text to Isobel .
Sorry .
Time got away from me .
Be down in ten minutes .
She glanced at the smeared mascara under her eyes , and changed the ten to fifteen .
She briefly considered sending the same text to her mother , but put the phone down on the counter .
Nineteen minutes later they were in the elevator .
Beth checked her hair one last time in the polished steel wall panel .
It was n’t great .
It was n’t hideous either .
As usual , a tight ponytail hid a multitude of sins .
Maybe not dumping a body in the garbage sin , but certainly the slept through the alarm kind .
What did it say about her that right now she was more concerned with the latter than the former ?
She decided not to judge herself too harshly .
If she stopped too long to think about the situation her stomach started doing backflips .
Alex slipped his hand into hers .
Her nerves must have been showing .
“ Everything is going to be okay , ” he said .
She wanted to believe him .
She really did .
But she could n't .
Nothing was okay .
Everything had changed , and there was no way she could go back to the person she had been .
The one who bumbled through life , uncertain of where she was going or what she was doing .
Now people were depending on her , not only for their safety , but for their very lives .
She realized with some sadness that she had never taken a close look at her life until it was in danger .
Maybe not being able to go back was n't such a bad thing — if she lived through this .
She clenched Alex ’s hand as the lobby bell sounded and the doors slid open .
There was no machine gun welcome committee .
She sighed in relief .
Beth looked around the lobby .
She did n’t see anyone she recognized .
Of course not .
Everyone she knew was already at the party .
There were a few people on the couches , some with drinks in their hands , some with magazines and computers .
No one looked their way .
At least a couple of them had to be federal agents .
Alex ’s expression gave nothing away .
Beth jumped a little as her phone went off in her purse .
Alex squeezed her hand .
She was n't sure if it was reassurance or a reminder to play it cool .
Either way , she thought that she was doing pretty well under the circumstances .
She pulled her phone out .
There was a message from Isobel .
Seriously .
Where the hell are you ?
Alex read it over her shoulder .
“ Remember , even though you 're with people you trust , you do n't leave my side .
Not to go to the bathroom .
Not to the bar .
Not even for a second , ” he said .
“ Isobel is n’t trying to kill me , ” Beth said , annoyed .
Still , she did n't complain when Alex stayed a step ahead of her as they walked into the lounge .
Beth glanced around the packed lounge .
It was filled with wedding guests , most of whom she knew .
Every unknown face stood out in the crowd .
Was it her imagination or were people paying more attention to her than usual ?
Alex gave the place a quick scan as well .
He nodded casually in her direction when he was done , and led her deeper into the crowd .
“ I think we ’re all right , ” he said .
“ Salvatore is n’t here .
He probably just found out about Staal ’s failure . ” “ Okay . ”
She did n’t know what else to say .
Alex let go of her hand and dug into his pocket for his phone .
She drew in a long , steady breath as he checked the screen .
She was going to be okay .
Everything was going to be fine .
“ Do you want a drink ? ” he asked .
Hell , yes .
“ No , thanks , ” she said .
Whatever was coming , it would be better if she faced it with her facilities intact .
He nodded .
They stood outside the huddled groups of guests .
Panic started to build inside her in earnest .
Back in her room , it had been easy to make her decision to stay .
But now , out in the open , she felt like a target .
Beth fought the frantic instinct to drag Alex back up the stairs , lock the door to their room and never come out again .
“ Shall we mingle ? ”
Alex asked .
“ No , thanks . ” “ Why not ? ”
Beth shrugged her shoulders , trying to look casual .
She had the feeling that she looked anything but .
Alex discreetly pulled her to an empty spot along the wall and leaned in close .
More than a few heads turned , and people whispered behind their hands .
They must have looked like a couple of besotted lovers sharing a moment .
If only .
“ You doing all right ? ” he asked .
“ I ' m fine . ” “ No , you 're not .
You 're stiff as a board , and you do n't want to talk to your friends . ” “ I ' m — I ’ m fine , ” she insisted .
“ I ' m right here , Beth .
I ' m not going to let anything bad happen to you .
I 'll be right behind you .
All night . ” “ It 's not me that I ' m worried about . ” “ I promise you , I can take care of myself . ”
She rolled her eyes .
“ It 's not you either . . .well , it 's not entirely you .
It 's them . ”
Beth gestured around the room .
“ What if someone tries to hurt them to get to me ?
What if Isobel or my mom or — hell , even Spencer gets caught in the crossfire ? ” “ There 's not going to be any crossfire . ” “ How can you be sure ? ” “ Because they ca n't make this messy , Beth .
The man who wants you dead needs it to look like an accident .
He 's hoping — no , he 's counting on no one looking too deep into what happens to you .
Taking out a ballroom full of people is n't in his playbook . ”
Alex leaned in close and pressed a small kiss against her cheek .
It was a sweet gesture , one that did more to calm her nerves than he might ever know .
And one that was totally ruined the second she heard Spencer 's voice behind her .
“ It looks like you two had a good day , ” he said , slurring his words .
Beth looked at the drink in his hand .
Indistinguishable brown liquid — the favorite drink of assholes everywhere — sloshed over the side of the tumbler .
She was guessing it was n't his first .
Not by a long shot .
Alex slowly pulled away and looked Spencer up and down .
“ Yeah , we did , ” he said , wrapping his arm around Beth .
“ That ’s good , ” Spencer said .
He leaned in close enough for Beth to catch the wave of alcohol - soaked breath that rolled out of his mouth .
“ I had a good day , too .
I had some time on my hands , so I thought I ’d make a phone call over to Bastion Records . ”
Oh , no .
“ Is that right ? ”
Alex asked , his voice as relaxed as ever .
Beth swallowed past the lump that was rapidly forming in her throat .
This was n’t good .
“ Turns out they do n’t have a Charlie Parker who works for them , ” Spencer said , obviously pleased with himself .
He smiled wide enough for Beth to see his back teeth .
“ Spencer — ” “ Shut up , Beth .
I ’ m not talking to you .
I ’ m talking to Charlie , ” he said , poking his finger into the center of Alex ’s chest .
“ What do you have to say about that , tough guy ? ”
Bad move .
Alex pushed off the wall and stepped toe to toe with Spencer .
His body was still relaxed , but Beth spied the twitch at his jaw that signaled the anger running through him .
“ I think little boys should n’t go poking their noses into things they do n’t understand , ” Alex said , his voice a low warning .
“ And I think that if you know what ’s good for you , you ’ll apologize to Beth for talking to her like that . ” “ Is that a threat ? ”
Alex shrugged .
“ I ’ m just spelling out your options . ”
Spencer took another swig of his drink .
And then another .
If he was looking for courage , he was going to need a few more glasses .
No matter how satisfying it would be to watch Alex clock Spencer , she probably should n't let it happen .
There would be a big commotion .
Someone would have to clean up the blood .
She ’d end up having to drive Isobel to the hospital to see her brother - in - law .
It just was n’t worth it .
She grasped Alex ’s arm and pulled , but he did n’t budge .
“ Gentlemen , ” Beth said , “ maybe we should finish this conversation some other time . ” “ You ’d like that would n’t you , Beth ? ”
Spencer said , raising his voice .
“ Are you scared that everyone will find out the truth about you and your boyfriend here ? ”
Beth froze .
There was no way he could know the truth .
Fortunately , only a few people had turned to see what the fuss was about .
The music was loud , and in his drunken state , Spencer was n't as loud as he could be .
But Beth had the feeling that he was just getting warmed up .
If Spencer had the chance to be center stage , he 'd take it , regardless of the humiliation that followed .
“ You ’re embarrassing yourself , Spencer , ” she said in a low whisper .
“ Me ?
I ’ m an embarrassment ? ” he shouted .
She should have known better than to appeal to his sense of shame — the little weasel did n’t have any .
“ That 's real funny coming from a woman so hard up she had to pay a fucking gigolo to be her date . ”
More heads turned .
Beth put her hands up in front of her .
“ Spencer , ” she pleaded .
Spencer ’s grin only grew at her distress .
“ Careful , ” Alex warned him .
“ Or what ? ”
Spencer said .
His voice was less confident now that he ’d shifted his eyes back to Alex .
“ Do you really want to find out the answer to that ? ”
Alex asked .
His voice held a sharp and lethal edge .
Spencer ’s mouth fell open , and he stood gasping for air like a gutted fish .
Alex leaned in so he towered over Spencer .
“ Al — Charlie , ” Beth begged .
She pulled on his arm a little harder , but it was futile .
“ Because I would love to show you , ” he said .
There was a world of warning in those words , and , to give him credit , Spencer managed to hear it through the haze of his alcohol - soaked mind .
He turned and walked away without another word .
Alex turned back toward Beth , a satisfied smile on his face .
“ You did n't really think I was going to hit him , did you ? ”
Beth blinked .
“ A girl can dream . ” “ You were right about one thing . ” “ Yeah ? ” “ I should have stolen his car when I had the chance . ” “ Like you 'd be seen in that thing , ” she said .
He shrugged .
“ I could have crashed it . ”
Beth ’s laughter was cut short when she spied her mother coming toward them , looking annoyed .
More than usual .
“ Where have you been all day ? ” her mother demanded .
“ Hi , Mom . ” “ Isobel has been looking for you . ” “ Has she ? ”
Alex asked with a little too much interest .
“ It 's nothing .
I was just supposed to tell her how things went at the florist 's , ” Beth said .
Alex did n't look convinced .
“ Your father and I have been looking for you too , but you were n't answering your phone . ”
Beth suddenly wished that she had accepted the offer of a drink .
“ I turned it off , ” she said .
“ Why on earth would you do that ? ” “ Charlie and I went to lunch .
Then we walked around the city .
I did n't want to be disturbed . ”
Her mother rolled her eyes .
“ The not - wanting - to - be - disturbed part , I believe . ”
Great .
Everybody thought that she 'd spent the whole afternoon jumping pretend Charlie 's bones .
At least her mother did n't think she had to pay for it .
Or did she ?
Her mother was giving Alex a long , disapproving stare .
Had Spencer gotten to her too ?
“ What did you do today , Mom ? ” “ Your father played golf with Mr . Masterson and Mr . Munoz .
And I had a lovely lunch with Spencer . ”
Bull ’s - eye .
“ Ah , ” Beth said slowly .
Suddenly , she understood all the strange looks being directed at her .
Spencer had done what he always did best — spread bullshit .
Everyone in the room thought that she was such a loser that she had paid a man to pose as her imaginary boyfriend and then spent the day screwing his brains out .
“ He had some very interesting things to say , ” her mother said .
“ I ' m sure he did , ” Beth said .
But she was n't going to stick around to hear them .
She started to walk away , pulling Alex with her .
Beth had the distinct impression that he was trying not to laugh .
“ Where are you going ? ” her mother called after her .
She held up her hands in surrender as she went .
“ To the bar , Mom . ”
Screw keeping control of herself .
If she was destined to take two shots to the back of her head at the end of the night , she was n't going to waste her last moments on earth feeling utterly miserable .
Beth snagged a glass of champagne from a passing waiter and found an empty spot at the far end of the lounge .
“ Tell me again why I was worried about saving any of these people ? ”
Alex grinned .
“ They all think I ' m a prostitute , do n't they ? ” “ Yep , ” she said .
For some reason , Alex finding humor in the situation only darkened her mood further .
It was n't funny — it was disastrous .
Spencer had gotten exactly what he wanted : she was a joke .
Given what had happened to her today , it should n't have mattered .
But for some reason , it cut deep .
She imagined what the epitaph on her gravestone would read .
Beth Bradley .
Liar .
Sinner .
John .
“ It 's not funny , ” she said .
His smile widened .
His shoulders began to shake .
“ It 's pretty damn funny . ” “ For you , maybe , ” she said , taking a sip of champagne .
It would have made a bolder statement if she just slammed the thing down , but it tasted too damn expensive to waste on soothing her anger .
“ I have to stick around after this is over .
I 'll be the one to clean up this mess . ” “ Or not , ” he said .
“ What do you mean by that ? ” “ Nothing , ” he said with a shrug .
“ Tell me , ” she said .
“ What would happen if for just a minute you stopped caring what all these people thought about you ?
What if you let them come up with their own misguided opinions , then laughed them off and let it go ?
What would happen ? ”
Beth opened her mouth but nothing came out .
For a moment she was n't sure what she was feeling .
Alex was laughing , but he was n't laughing at her .
And maybe it was a little bit funny to think of how upset some people were over something that simply was n't true .
Beth looked at the people watching her from across the room .
Some were curious .
Some looked upset .
Some , amused .
And some , a great deal more than she would have imagined , looked like they could n't care less .
“ Maybe you 're right , ” she said with a grin .
“ Maybe I 'll leave this world behind and move out to DC with you .
I could become your pimp . ” “ I believe they 're called madams , ” he said .
“ We ’ll have to look it up . ”
She ’d always cared so much about what people thought of her .
She spent so much time trying to please everyone that she ended up pleasing no one , herself included .
But not everyone disliked her .
Alex seemed to genuinely appreciate her .
And there was Isobel , of course .
Isobel .
The first person to assume Alex was a man whore .
But her best friend would never …
“ There you are . ”
Beth turned around at the sound of Isobel ’s voice .
“ I 've been looking all over for you two . ”
Isobel had a drink in her hand and a smile on her face .
It was obvious that she was n’t feeling much pain .
“ We ’ve been over here .
Hanging out against the wall .
Enduring the stares of strangers , ” Beth said .
“ Why ?
Is something wrong ? ” “ You did n’t happen to tell Spencer your little theory about Charlie ’s real occupation , did you ? ”
Isobel ’s hand flew to her mouth .
She shook her head .
“ No , ” she said .
“ Why do n’t I believe you ? ”
Isobel flashed her a guilty smile .
“ I may have let it slip to Jordan , who may have mentioned it as a joke to his brother . ” “ Isobel ! ”
Isobel waved her hand .
“ Nobody listens to Spencer . ”
Beth arched her eyebrows .
“ Okay , everybody listened to him , ” she amended .
“ But if it makes you feel any better only about half of them believe it . ” “ Yeah , that makes it all better , ” Beth said .
Isobel turned to Alex .
“ So is it true ? ”
Alex only shrugged .
“ Oh my God , I knew it , ” Isobel said .
“ No , ” Beth said .
“ Seriously , Isobel .
He 's not a gigolo . ” “ Really ?
That 's disappointing . ”
Isobel turned her attention back to Alex .
“ So who are you , then ?
I ' m the only other person who knows for certain that you are n't Charlie Parker . ”
That muscle on the side of Alex 's jaw twitched again , and Beth groaned inwardly .
“ Isobel , ” she said in warning .
Her friend did n't know that she was doing far more harm than she realized .
“ He 's just a friend . ” “ No , he 's not , ” she said .
“ There is no way that you have a guy as gorgeous as this hanging around you , and I do n't know about it . ” “ You 're not helping , ” Beth said .
If she had to guess , she 'd say that Isobel was about three glasses of champagne into the evening .
Nothing short of being blunt was going to get through .
“ I just do n't want to see you get hurt , ” Isobel said .
Beth nodded .
It was sweet . . .in a way .
A way that Alex was taking all wrong .
“ She 's not going to get hurt , ” Alex ’s words were imbued with all kinds of meaning that sailed right over Isobel 's head .
“ Yeah , well , you make sure of it .
Or I 'll be coming after you , ” Isobel said .
She poked her pointer finger into his chest for emphasis before turning to Beth , her eyes comically wide .
“ Damn , he 's solid , ” she said in a whisper that was loud enough to be heard three towns over .
“ That he is . ”
Beth gave a pained smile .
“ Hey , where 's Jordan ?
I have n't seen him all night . ”
Isobel 's eyes lit up .
“ Jordan !
I should go find him . ” “ You should . ”
Beth watched as Isobel disappeared into the crowd .
She looked at Alex .
His expression was unreadable .
“ She 's got nothing to do with this , ” she said .
Alex did n't say a word .
He did n't have to .
At that moment his eyes flashed with the same hardness that she had seen in the alley .
Beth looked toward the door of the lounge just in time to see Salvatore Munoz walk through .
He did n't look happy .


Chapter 8


Alex 's arm tensed around her .
Beth was n't sure if it was meant to be reassuring or if he was just trying to keep her upright .
Either way , it worked .
She did n't crumble to the floor .
She did n't bolt for the nearest exit sign .
Her pants even stayed dry .
“ Everything is all right , ” Alex whispered in her ear .
Like hell it was .
In fact , this was the furthest from all right that she could imagine .
She was in a room with a man who wanted to kill her .
Not metaphorically .
Not socially .
But actually , physically , no - pulse , corpse - on - a - slab dead .
But all that she could manage to say to Alex was , “ Really ? ” “ Everything is going to be all right , ” he amended .
“ There are three other agents besides me in this room right now .
Two in the lobby and two at the back exit .
No one is going to let anything happen to you .
Do you understand ? ”
Beth nodded slowly .
She wondered if he was lying , but why would he ?
So far as she knew , everything he 'd told her had been the truth .
But it did n't matter whether he told the truth .
What mattered was the effect of his words .
Her heartbeat slowed to the rate of a hummingbird 's , and some of the feeling came back to her toes .
She wished that they 'd never left the room .
That this was all some big joke .
That it really was as simple as him being a gigolo .
“ So sip your champagne , and smile some more .
Our only hope now is to keep him guessing . ”
Beth tried to smile .
She really did .
But it seemed like her whole body was shaking .
Salvatore had found her and was openly staring at her .
He wanted her dead , plain and simple .
She tried to take another sip of her champagne , but her hand shook so hard that little droplets flew , misting the front of her dress .
She was n't doing a very good job of playing it cool .
She was no good under pressure .
She was going to blow this whole thing .
They would find her body floating in the bay tomorrow morning .
Oh , God .
Alex wrapped his fingers around her wrist .
They felt warm and strong .
“ Just look at me . ”
He propped a shoulder against the wall , and she mirrored his pose .
“ Do n't worry about out there , ” he said .
His voice was low and gravelly again .
She wanted to lean in and let the sound wrap around her .
“ Just be here with me . ”
Some of the shaking left her body .
He took the glass from her hand and put it on the table behind him .
Then he lifted his fingers to her face , stroking down the curve of her cheek , and for a brief moment , her shaking turned to shivers , the kind that made her want to burrow deep inside his arms .
“ He ’s not coming over here , Beth .
He ’s staying on the other side of the room , just looking at us , ” he whispered , his sexy tone rumbling through her like a physical force , but the words were n't ones that she was hoping to hear . Well . . .they were .
There was no way in hell that she wanted Salvatore Munoz coming toward her .
Still , the topic was far from sexy .
“ Now smile at me , Beth .
Just a little .
Like I just told you that I wish I could get you away from all of these people . ”
The heat of a blush began to burn her cheeks .
She looked down at the floor to try to hide the smile that pulled at her lips .
“ That 's good , ” he said .
“ Now say something back to me .
It does n't matter what .
Just act like you 're a little nervous about it . ”
She looked up from the floor and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear .
“ I do n't know what to say . ” “ That will work just fine . ”
He inched closer , and Beth felt her blood start to heat .
His lips were just inches away .
His eyes locked with hers .
He wrapped his arm around the curve of her waist and drew her closer .
For a second , all other thoughts were blocked out .
Who the hell cared if people thought she was a slut , or if foreign agents were trying to murder her ?
Alex Tanner , the hottest guy she 'd ever laid eyes on , was looking at her like she was on the dessert menu .
“ Now , look at me like I just told you that I want to get you alone .
And that once I ’ve gotten you there , I ' m going to kiss you , and I ' m not going to stop until I 've tasted every part of you . ”
Her breath hitched .
She nervously licked her lips .
“ That I ' m going to take my time stripping off your clothes , so that I can savor every inch of your skin . ”
She tilted her head closer .
His breath washed over her cheek , warm and soft .
“ That I ' m going to spend the whole night doing things to your body that you never even knew were possible . ”
She closed the gap between them , crushing her lips against his .
He tightened his hold around her waist , his tongue teasing her bottom lip , coaxing her mouth open .
She drank him in .
The hypnotic swirl of his tongue against hers was too much .
Her blood began to heat .
Want took over .
Damn , she was nearly drunk on it .
Alex broke the kiss suddenly , and glanced across the room .
He grasped her wrist and started pulling her toward a door marked exit .
Heaven help her , Beth did n't care anymore what people whispered tomorrow as long as she got to taste even a sliver of what Alex was promising .
He opened the side exit door and slid them through .
The door led into a service hallway .
A man in a suit talked on a cell phone just outside .
Alex ’s demeanor changed instantly .
All of the languid passion that had drawn her in was gone in a heartbeat .
He was all business .
“ Munoz has arrived , ” he said to the stranger .
The other man nodded .
Embarrassment flooded her .
Of course .
It was an act .
Alex ’s business was keeping her safe , and he 'd gotten her away from Salvatore without anyone knowing the real reason why they 'd fled .
She should be grateful .
He 'd coaxed her into putting on one hell of a convincing show .
Every person in that room believed that she was running off to a night of hedonistic debauchery , not fleeing for her life .
The wedding guests had bought it .
Salvatore Munoz had bought it .
Hell , even she had bought it .
Alex did n't look back as he pulled her down the hall , walking so fast that Beth struggled to keep up in her heels .
She did n’t trust herself to talk .
She was still recovering from that blistering kiss .
All she could think about on their way back to the room was that if that was the way the man kissed when he was acting , what was it like to be the focus of his passion for real ?
Alex did n’t say a word as he closed the hotel room door .
He threw the bolt lock , tossed down the room key , and slipped off his jacket and gun holster .
He walked across to the window and looked outside , his expression distant .
Beth stood awkwardly in the center of the room , mustering the courage to speak .
“ Thank you , ” she finally said .
He turned around , his brow furrowed in worry and confusion .
“ For what ? ” “ For getting me out of there safely .
You calmed me down . ” “ Is that what I did ? ”
He pulled off his tie as he walked toward the bedroom .
Beth followed .
She put her hand on his shoulder , and he froze in the archway between the rooms .
She could feel the pent - up energy underneath the thin material of his shirt .
“ Okay , maybe that ’s not exactly how I felt .
I ’ m sorry .
I was nearly in a full panic back there , and you did what you had to do to snap me out of it .
So , thank you . ”
She slid her hand down his arm as he turned around to face her , not wanting to break contact .
His eyes glistened with a hot emotion she did n’t dare name .
Still , she had to try and fix whatever rift had suddenly formed between them .
She put her other hand out to him .
“ Friends ? ”
He looked down at it for a long second .
She was just about to give up and pull it back when he grasped it .
It happened faster than she could react .
One second she was standing in the archway , the next her back was up against the wall , her arm pinned above her head .
Alex 's body pressed against her , holding her immobile .
“ This is what I am , Beth .
This is what I can do , ” he said .
“ You do n't thank me , and you sure as hell do n't apologize to me . ”
He knew the way to make a point .
He held her so that she could n't get away , but she was n't afraid .
Not even close .
He did n't want to hurt her .
Suddenly , she understood the look in his eyes .
It was longing .
It was want .
It was the same desire that was burning a path through her body .
She wrapped her free hand around his neck .
Then she pulled his lips to hers .
His mouth crushed hers .
His tongue swept inside , drinking her in , filling her up with desire .
She kissed him back , hoping that she could return even a fraction of the pleasure he was giving her .
Her mind cleared of thought as sensation took over .
She squirmed against him , desperate to feel the sensation of his body moving over hers .
He moaned , a deep guttural sound that set off a physical reaction in her .
Dear God , she 'd do anything to hear that sound again .
He broke the kiss and rested his forehead against hers .
“ Beth . ”
He said her name with such longing .
Warmth rushed between her legs .
“ I ’ m trying to tell you , I ' m not a good guy .
I ' m not Charlie . ”
A bubble of laughter escaped Beth 's throat .
She could n’t help it .
She 'd nearly been killed .
She ’d become a social pariah .
Her emotions were far past the boiling point .
She needed release .
She needed him .
“ I do n't want Charlie .
I made him up for everyone else 's benefit .
He was never mine . ”
It was hard to get out the words with him staring at her lips .
She did n't want to talk any more .
She did n't want to think .
She just wanted him .
Maybe it would be better if she just told him that .
“ I want you , ” she said .
She pressed closer for emphasis .
His delicious groan was her reward .
She saw the moment that his resolve broke .
A sense of victory swept through her .
She was willing to bet that there were n't many people in this world who could claim to have done that to Alex Tanner .
She did n't have long to gloat .
His mouth was back on her in an instant .
He pulled her away from the wall , just far enough that his hand could find the zipper of her dress .
His mouth moved to her neck as he slid the soft silk over her shoulders .
His hands swept up the exposed skin of her back .
Her fingers curled deeper into his shoulders .
He flicked at the clasp of her bra .
She was n’t about to let him have all the fun .
Beth went to work on the buttons of his shirt .
Her fingers brushed against the hard ridges of muscle as she pushed back the white material .
He felt as smooth and solid as he looked .
She went for the waist of his pants just as his mouth closed around her earlobe .
Suddenly , her fingers were n't quite so deft .
She fumbled with his buttons for a moment before the fly popped open .
Oh dear God , he even had abs down there .
Was that even possible ?
She felt her mouth go dry .
Ancient Greek statues did n't have bodies this perfect .
He hissed in a breath as she traced her fingers down below the waistband of his pants .
He stiffened .
All of him stiffened .
She moved her finger slowly , exploring the plane of his lower belly , the ridge of his hips , but always keeping her fingers inches away from the part of him now straining the material of his pants .
It gave her a thrilling sense of satisfaction to know that she could affect him that way .
He eased her dress over the swell of her hips and let it fall to the floor .
Her panties followed a second later .
He stopped kissing her long enough to pull back and look at her .
Beth could n’t help the sinking feeling deep within her belly .
She was n't someone with particularly low self - esteem .
At least she never thought of herself that way .
Of course , when she did her thinking on the subject , she was usually fully dressed and in the company of people that she had no intention of getting sloppy with .
Sometimes she was even wearing a turtleneck .
Standing before a modern - day Adonis , she found she could n’t muster the same certainty .
The fire in his eyes darkened as he looked at her .
It grew . . .hungrier .
“ Oh , God , Beth , ” he said .
He started kissing her again .
His mouth moved over her neck , her shoulders , down to the curve of her breast .
He drew a nipple into his mouth .
Beth 's eyes closed as delicious sensation swept through her .
A second later she was being lifted up .
He carried her over to the bed and sat her down .
She pushed down his pants over the hard ridge of his hips .
He kicked them down the rest of the way .
He was perfect .
She wrapped her fingers around his shaft , his erection heavy in her hand .
He closed his eyes and gritted his teeth .
It was a heady feeling being able to affect him like this — the same way he affected her .
He dragged his hands up her body , peppering kisses across her skin .
Then he leaned her back over the bed .
She clutched at his shoulders and took him with her .
Her heart thundered in her chest , blood pounded through her veins .
He positioned himself between her legs .
For half a second , Beth worried about how this was going to work .
She had n't been with anyone for a while , and he was bigger than most — hell , he was bigger than anybody she had ever been with .
How would he fit ?
He slid his fingers down until they found her clit .
Instantly , those thoughts — all thoughts — fled her mind .
Her head fell back against the pillows , and her back arched as he caressed the most sensitive part of her .
She should n't have worried .
She was plenty wet to take him .
Just the thought of him was enough to make her ready .
Alex 's breath against her ear became ragged .
His cock nudged against her .
He waited a second .
Two seconds .
Just long enough for Beth to fear that he had changed his mind .
With a long exhale , he pressed forward , slowly sinking inside her body .
She grabbed on to him , desperate to keep her hold on him as he slowly pulled out .
With each stroke he filled her deeper , until their bodies met .
Her body swam with pleasure .
She could n't be closer to him if she tried .
He pivoted and sat up , pulling her with him , until she was nestled on his lap .
She wrapped her legs around his back and ground against him .
Each stroke drove her closer to the edge .
He wrapped his arms around her back , cradling her , holding her steady .
His mouth bathed her neck in kisses .
She found a rhythm and stayed there .
One step away from wild , she took her pleasure from him .
Her heart pounded so hard she thought she could hear it .
It was a reminder that she had survived .
That she was alive .
And for the first time since she could remember , she was taking what she wanted .
What she really wanted .
He felt it too .
She saw it in his eyes .
Tasted it in the swipe of his tongue against hers .
This was passion .
This was life .
Tension built inside of her .
A fire that refused to be tamed .
And for the first time she could remember , Beth did n't care about anything else .
She wanted to know what it was like to throw herself over the edge with abandon .
She did n't have to wait long .
His body just felt too good .
All the tension inside her broke .
She shuddered around him .
Her back arched as blinding pleasure swept through her .
He was close behind .
He guided her down on her back , so he was above her .
He took her hard and fast .
His body tensed as he came .
He buried his face in her neck and pressed his body against hers .
She felt every second of his release , felt it run through every muscle in his body .
Only then did he relax against her .
A long moment passed before Alex rolled onto his side .
His face was still nestled against her neck .
She felt his breath slow , until long exhales caressed her skin .
After another minute had ticked by , he pulled her close .
She rested her head on his shoulder and draped her arm over him .
Beth traced her fingertips over his chest and belly .
He caressed the back of her neck with his palm .
She breathed in the scent of him , and burrowed deeper into his chest .
Her legs wrapped around his .
She tried to fight off the decadent feeling that threatened to carry her off to sleep .
She did n’t want to go there , not just yet .
Even with all the danger that surrounded her , she felt safe in Alex 's arms .
She knew it was unfair to put such a burden on him , but just for a few minutes she decided to enjoy the sensation .
After all , she was n’t sure when she ’d get another chance .


Chapter 9


Beth woke up to the sound of harsh ringing .
She shot straight up in the bed .
Or rather , she tried .
She would have been successful if it were n’t for the two big arms curled around her , holding her tight .
“ It 's just your phone , ” Alex said , his words rumbling through his chest against her ear .
He pressed his lips to the top of her head before releasing her from his embrace .
Her phone was always interrupting her .
Now it had roused her from the warm cocoon of Alex 's arms .
If she had half a brain , she 'd turn the damned thing off or chuck it out the window .
Instead , she snatched it from the bedside table .
At least it was n't her mother this time .
“ Hey , Isobel , ” Beth said , pressing the phone to her ear .
“ Hey yourself .
Where did you get off to last night in such a hurry ? ”
Beth sat up , willing her sleepy mind to catch up with her body .
“ Um . . . ”
Alex 's hand slid up her back , tempting her to lie back down .
“ That 's what I thought , ” Isobel said with a laugh .
No doubt it was what everyone thought .
“ Some people wanted to wait to see if you ’d be coming down , but I said you could probably use the sleep . ”
Beth blinked and looked at the clock on the side table .
“ Did I miss breakfast ? ” “ Well , yeah .
But that was an hour ago .
We were all just about to take off for the museum . ” “ Oh , God , the MOMA , ” Beth said .
“ I forgot all about it .
I ’ m so sorry , Isobel . ” “ Do n't be .
I do n’t care if you skip it .
I mean , I ’ll miss you , but Spencer will be there and from the sound of it , things did n’t go so well between you two last night . ”
There was a note of apology in her voice .
“ Are you sure you ’re cool with me not going with you ? ” “ It ’s fine .
I swear .
God knows I 'd still be lounging around in bed if I could .
All you have to do is make it to the rehearsal tonight . ” “ Of course , I promise . ”
More laughter .
“ Until then , stay in bed all day .
Doctor 's orders . ” “ Are my parents there ? ” “ Of course , ” Isobel said .
“ But do n’t worry .
I already covered for you . ”
Alex 's fingers curled around her shoulder .
He slowly pulled her back down to the pillows .
Beth only half resisted .
“ How in the world did you do that ? ”
Beth asked .
“ I told them that I sent you out on another errand for me , ” she said .
“ This one was out on the peninsula . ” “ Thank you . ” “ Do n’t mention it . ”
Alex 's lips pressed against her neck , tracing a path up to her ear .
Her toes began to curl .
She gripped the phone tighter so it would n't slip through her fingers and clatter down to the floor .
“ Um . . .Isobel , I have to go , ” she said .
Another laugh .
There was n't any attempt to mask it this time .
“ Of course you do .
Have fun , but do n't forget — six o' clock tonight . ” “ Six o' clock .
I 'll be there .
Promise . ”
Beth hit the end button and tossed the phone to the other side of the king - sized bed .
She curled her body up against Alex and pressed her lips to the base of his throat .
Just for good measure , she flicked her tongue out to taste the little hollow at the base .
He made a little sound of appreciation .
“ What did Isobel want ? ” he asked .
“ To tell me that I 'd missed breakfast .
And to remind me that the rehearsal is tonight . ”
Beth pulled her face up far enough to nuzzle her nose against his cheek .
She bobbed down to kiss the corner of his mouth .
“ That 's it ? ”
His voice was wary .
“ Pretty much . ” “ You were talking with her for longer than that . ”
Beth pulled back far enough away to see his expression .
It did n’t give anything away .
“ You still think Isobel has something to do with this , do n’t you ? ” “ I ca n’t rule anyone out .
I wo n't allow you to get hurt because you 're blinded by your affections . ”
Beth rolled to the other side of the bed and stood .
He did n't make any move to stop her .
“ Blinded by my affections ? ” she said .
“ The only person that I seem to be blinded by is you .
I 've known Isobel since I was six years old .
She would never do anything to hurt me . ”
Alex sat up .
The sheet fell to his lap , leaving his chest exposed .
Beth did n't want to gape at him .
Really , she did n't .
She was working on building up a good head of righteous rage , and the sight of his well - defined torso was dousing the flames .
But she was only human , and his hair was all ruffled from . . .well , she remembered all too well what had caused that ruffling .
His eyes were turning dark again , narrowing with fever - inducing intensity .
It might have had something to do with her standing buck naked in the center of the room .
Her cheeks started to burn again .
She reached down and snatched his discarded button - down shirt from the floor .
She pulled her arms through the sleeves and wrapped the front around her as quickly as she could .
His expression did n’t soften .
Not one little bit .
“ I do n't think that is having the effect you were hoping for . ”
He patted the mattress next to him .
“ Why do n't you come back over here ? ”
Beth shook her head , resisting the answering smile that pulled at the corners of her mouth .
“ I do n't think so . ”
He arched his brows .
“ I could make it worth your while . ” “ No way . ” “ Oh , I can think of lots of ways . ”
Her blush burned .
“ Not while you still think that Isobel is trying to kill me . ” “ I never said I thought that , ” he said .
“ I sure as hell hope that it 's not true .
I just said that your safety is my main concern .
Until this is over I will suspect everyone . ”
Beth scrunched her nose .
When he put it like that , it sounded so reasonable .
She sat down on the edge of the bed .
“ Okay , there .
Happy now ? ”
He crooked his finger at her .
“ A little closer . ”
She shook her head .
“ Nope . ”
A girl had to have some backbone , after all .
No matter how misguided it was .
“ All right then , ” he said .
“ If that 's how you want to play . ”
He was on her in less than a second .
Before she could react , she was on her back , her hands locked above her head , his hips positioned between her legs .
“ Much better , ” he said .
His mouth was so close to hers , so close that his breath washed across her lips , kissing her before he did .
The phone rang .
That was it .
She was going to make it her life mission to smash every phone she saw .
She would be doing the world a favor .
Except it was his phone this time .
With great reluctance , he pulled away .
“ Sorry , duty calls . ”
She groaned out loud as he sprung from the bed .
He grabbed the phone and went into the sitting room .
Beth crawled reluctantly from the bed .
She could barely hear him in the other room .
His answers were terse .
One word , maybe two .
He was on the call for less than a minute before he hung up .
“ Munoz is on the move , ” he said , heading for the bathroom .
He flicked on the lights and a moment later , Beth heard the shower start up .
A half second later , he came back out .
“ The guys in the van just intercepted a text message from a burner phone . ”
Beth felt a lump forming in her throat .
Her stomach dropped .
She did n't want to ask .
She did n't need to .
The serious look on his face told her that whatever the message was , it was n't any good .
“ What did it say ? ” “ That if Munoz could n't handle the situation , he would take care of it himself . ”
Beth blinked .
She sank back down on the edge of the bed , her knees threatening to give out underneath her .
“ I ’ m the situation , are n’t I ? ”
Alex stopped mid - stride .
“ Yes , ” he said .
It was a simple answer to a simple question .
But Beth felt like she had taken a swift blow to the gut .
“ Does that mean he ’s coming back to the hotel to shoot me himself ? ” “ I doubt it . ” “ But we 're still going to go downstairs and wait for something to happen ? ”
Her voice sounded small , even to her own ears .
“ Yes . ”
He did n't rush to comfort her this time .
But he did n't lie to her either .
He treated her like an adult .
One who could handle the burden she 'd taken on .
And she could , she reminded herself .
She might not like it .
Hell , the fact that she did n't was probably a good indicator of her sanity .
But she could handle it .
She would handle it .
The only other choice was giving up , and she sure as hell was n't going to do that .
“ We have to , ” he said .
“ You 're an easy target up here . ”
Beth nodded .
She understood .
Everyone knew where she was .
Hell , even Isobel had told her to stay in bed all day .
Had she known ?
Beth immediately felt a traitorous shame at the fleeting thought .
There was no way that her best friend was setting her up for an assassin to find .
No way in hell .
Still , Beth did n't waste any time showering and dressing before making her way down to the lobby .


* * *


The day was a bizarre combination of constant anxiety and crushing boredom .
Beth had been out of the room for six hours and she had n't left the hotel once , not even for a walk around the parking lot .
It was too open , Alex said .
There were too many variables .
Too many ways that things could go wrong .
She guessed that what he really meant was there were too many hiding places for a sniper to hide and take her out with a single shot .
She might never get over how strange it was to think about her life in those terms .
She only hoped that she lived long enough to get used to it .
Alex was true to his word and stayed by her side .
He sat with her in the lobby .
Stood next to her in the coffee shop line .
Then back to the lobby .
Walked with her down to the spa store .
Ate lunch with her at the restaurant .
Then back to the lobby .
Walked down the hallway with her .
Then back to the lobby again .
The problem was n’t with the monotony of the day .
It might have actually been relaxing to have a whole day with nothing planned , nowhere to go , nothing to do .
It was that she could n’t relax , not even for a second .
People came and went .
Beth watched them all .
Some she knew .
Most she did n't .
Every now and again someone from the wedding would stop by and say hello , and Beth would worry about their motives for doing so .
But even that was a welcome distraction from obsessing over the intentions of strangers who just happened to glance her way .
It was exhausting , this ever - vigilant existence .
Beth wondered how in the world Alex managed it .
He had n’t complained once since they ’d stepped out of their room .
He 'd taken up his position by her side today and settled in .
He 'd chatted with her , keeping it light .
He lounged on the couches as though there was n't a worry on his mind .
Beth , on the other hand , was ready to start pulling her hair out .
The only thing preserving her sanity was keeping one eye on the clock .
She 'd made it to five thirty .
It was almost time for the rehearsal .
And while she was certain that none of the anxiety she felt would fade when she got there , at least the boredom would .
Alex patted her on the knee and gestured toward the front door .
John was walking in .
She was n't sure if she was supposed to acknowledge him , so she kept her face as impassive as possible .
She figured they were through pretending when he sat down beside them .
“ Hey , ” Alex said .
“ Nothing yet ? ”
John asked .
Alex shook his head .
“ Anything on your side ? ” “ Negative . ” “ Riveting stuff , guys , ” Beth said .
“ Hey , since I 've got two bodyguards now , do you think I could risk a quick trip out to the balcony ?
My legs are cramped , and I have n’t seen real sunlight all day . ”
The men looked at each other .
She saw the discussion going on between them in their eyes .
“ John can watch over you for a minute , ” Alex said , standing up .
“ I ' m going to the men 's room .
Then we 'll get you ready for that rehearsal . ”
Alex did n't look too happy .
She knew that the day had been a bust for him .
Nothing had happened , and time was slipping away .
She stood up and walked to the set of double doors that led out to the balcony .
John stayed by her side until they were outside .
Then he fell back , crossed his arms and leaned against the wall .
His expression was , as always , impassive , but at least he was giving her some space .
Well , as much space as one could get on a fifteen - foot balcony .
The Kensington was built into the side of a hill , and this part of the lobby was technically on the second floor .
It was a lovely place to sneak out to watch the sun sinking below the San Francisco Bay .
Tonight was no exception , and Beth caught it at just the right time .
She sighed with pleasure as she leaned against the railing .
After a day of being shut up inside the hotel this was heaven .
Ribbons of brilliant orange and flaming red streaked the sky .
The darkening waves of the bay caught the last of the evening light and shimmered as if they were capped with diamonds .
A slight breeze caressed her cheek , bringing with it the scents of the blooming gardens below .
If only she 'd had a glass of champagne in her hand and Alex by her side , it would have been a perfect moment .
As it was , she had a can of flat diet soda and a hulking stranger behind her , one that she still was n't quite sure she trusted .
Beth turned around at the sound of the doors opening behind her .
She expected to see Alex .
Instead , it was Spencer .
The group must have just returned from the museum .
“ I thought I saw you out here , ” he said .
John looked at her , raising his eyebrows a fraction of an inch .
Do I need to take care of this guy ?
For a split second , she indulged in the fantasy of taking him up on the offer .
Maybe if she put her hands up and screamed , John would slap his cuffs on Spencer and drag him away .
Even better , he might just pick him up and chuck him over the side .
Beth gave John a slight shake of her head .
Spencer was a royal pain in the ass , but he was n’t dangerous .
“ What do you want , Spencer ? ” “ That ’s not a very nice welcome . ” “ Yeah , well , I ’ m not feeling very welcoming toward you at the moment . ”
Spencer took up the empty spot next to her on the railing .
“ Are you still mad at me for calling out your little date for what he was ? ”
Beth considered telling Spencer just how big of an ass he was , but she realized there just was n’t enough time left in the day to cover everything .
Besides , anything she said would just turn into another fight , and she did n’t want that vibe carrying over into Isobel ’s rehearsal .
“ Where is he , anyways ? ” he asked .
“ Did I scare him off or did you come to your senses ? ”
Beth rolled her eyes .
“ Was there something that you wanted , Spencer ? ” “ I wanted to see if you were all right , ” he said .
“ I know I got a little out of line last night , and I was worried that I might have upset you . ”
Beth looked at him from the corner of her eye .
That did n’t sound like Spencer .
He ’d never worried about anyone other than himself .
He sure as hell did n’t apologize .
“ I ’ m fine , ” she said .
“ Good . ”
He nodded , and leaned a little closer .
“ I just wanted you to know that even though you ’ve made a fool of yourself this weekend , I forgive you . ”
Beth ’s jaw dropped .
“ You forgive me ? ” she demanded when she had recovered from her stunned silence .
“ Sure I do .
I saw you out here , looking so sad , and I thought you should know that I ’ m not holding any of this against you . ” “ How magnanimous of you . ”
He smiled and shrugged .
“ I know things ended badly between us , and you probably just wanted to show me up .
It ’s natural . ”
Beth downed the rest of her soda in an attempt to keep her mouth shut .
Her fingers bit into the thin aluminum , crushing the can as she drank .
“ And the fault is n’t entirely yours .
It ’s obvious that our break up devastated you .
Maybe I was too hasty .
I mean , you are a decent - looking woman , Beth . ”
Beth felt bile rise up and burn her throat .
“ Are you asking me to get back together with you ? ” “ I ’ m asking you to come to my room tonight after the rehearsal dinner , and we can discuss it . ”
He arched his brows suggestively .
Beth heard a quiet laugh from John ’s direction .
So the guy did have a sense of humor after all .
“ Thanks for the offer , Spencer , but I ’ m going to pass , ” she said .
He looked confused .
“ Why ? ”
The door behind them opened .
Both she and Spencer turned at the same time .
This time it was Alex .
His eyes were unreadable as he stared down Spencer .
“ Because I already have plans for this evening , ” she said before walking to Alex ’s side .
He wrapped his arm around her waist and turned them back toward the lobby without a word .
The door shut behind them , but not before Beth heard John say , “ Tough break , bro . ”


Chapter 10


The formal Rose Garden at the Kensington Hotel was magnificent .
Cut into the side of a terraced hill , it offered a panoramic view of the San Francisco Bay .
It was easy to see why it was so popular for weddings .
Of course , that did n't explain the crowd that surrounded it now .
Beth was sure that maybe a couple of the people milling around the edges of the garden were legitimate tourists and wedding gawkers , but they were badly outnumbered by undercover agents .
Over the last half hour , she 'd made a game out of guessing which was which .
Some were easy , like the single men who had been there since the beginning .
She did n't know many men that would placidly sit in a flower garden for the better part of an hour when their girlfriends were making them , let alone by themselves .
Right now there were two of them .
There were a few couples , but it was easy to tell which were fakes .
No snuggling .
No kissing .
Nothing in their physical demeanor that indicated a genuine connection .
A few people had come and gone , taking a quick gawk at the view , or the wedding party , maybe inspecting a bloom or two .
Those had been the only ones that had provided any kind of challenge .
Maybe she should have been more vigilant , keeping an eye out for the people who wanted her dead instead of playing games with the good guys , but she could n’t quite manage to keep her guard up after the long day .
Besides , Alex seemed vigilant enough for both of them .
He 'd insisted on staying close during the rehearsal , so he was seated in the front row of folding chairs .
If anyone cared , they were tactful enough to keep their mouths shut .
The priest was going through the motions , telling the wedding party where to stand , what to say , where to go .
Beth ’s job was easy .
All she had to do was stand at the front of the line of bridesmaids , pretend to hold a bouquet of flowers , and ignore Spencer glaring at her .
After another ten minutes , it was over .
Just in time .
Beth 's stomach was starting to grumble .
The party broke up , agreeing to meet back at the restaurant in fifteen minutes for the rehearsal dinner .
Beth kissed Isobel on the cheek and went to Alex 's side , earning the stink eye from her mother .
“ Beth , ” her mother snapped .
“ I 'll just be a second , ” she said , rolling her eyes .
She should n't have bothered .
Alex followed her over .
Her mother gave them both a disgusted look .
“ I do n't know why you insist on continuing with this disgusting charade , Beth .
You have to know that all you 're doing is embarrassing yourself , ” she said , apparently not caring that Alex was right there .
“ And I do n't know why you insist on believing the worst about me , Mother , ” Beth shot back .
It was easier to be brave with Alex next to her .
She was n't sure what she was going to do after he was gone .
She did n’t want to think about it .
Not yet .
“ Because it 's usually true , ” her mother said .
Beth thought that after a lifetime of verbal slaps to the face from her mother that she would be used to the sting .
She was n’t .
“ I ’ll see you at dinner , Mom , ” Beth said , turning away .
Alex kept pace with her as she marched away .
He did n’t say a word .
After a few steps , he reached down and took her hand .
Just like a real boyfriend .
If only .
Sure , Alex had been by her side more in the last two days than anyone else in her life .
He probably cared about her more than anyone else too .
But , deep down inside , she knew it was because it was his job .
His guilt over involving her in an international incident had kept him around .
But relationships had been built on stranger things .
Had n't they ?
Okay , maybe not .
Especially not when she threw in the blackmail , the impersonation , and the death threats .
Hell , the CIA was probably going to award him a medal just for surviving the weekend with her .
“ Are you all right ? ” he asked as they rounded the corner of the hotel .
“ Everything is fine , ” she said .
Her lips were pressed together so tight that she had to force the words out .
Beth kept her mouth shut as she walked into the hotel and toward the stairs .
Four flights of stairs should help get some of her pent - up aggression out .
“ My mother has never been happy with me .
Not once in my whole life . ”
She pulled away from Alex and rounded the first turn in the stairwell .
“ Everything I ever did was seen through the lens of what my sister , Chelsea , did before me .
She got A 's , I got B 's .
She got into Stanford .
I got into State .
She became a lawyer .
I got a job in retail .
She got married and had two children just as perfect as her . I . . .well . . .you know how I ended up .
As far as my mother is concerned , the day I was born I was already in second place .
Every day since , I 've just become more of a disappointment . ”
By the time she was done ranting she had reached the top of the stairs .
She was out of breath and felt a light sheen of sweat on her forehead .
At least some of her anger had dissipated .
She turned around .
Alex was just behind her , looking as calm and put together as ever .
Only the small smile that played at the corner of his lips gave her any clue about what he was thinking .
“ You still think I ' m crazy , ” she said , and started for the door of their room .
“ No , I do n't . ” “ The first time we met you said your mother drove you crazy too , ” she said , flinging open the door .
“ What does she do ? ”
He was quiet behind her .
Beth turned around .
Alex ’s eyes were flat .
“ She drank . ”
Beth stopped in the middle of pulling off her sweater .
Drank .
Past tense .
And Beth had the feeling it was n’t because she ’d checked into rehab .
“ Oh , ” she said .
“ I ’ m so sorry . ” “ Do n't be , ” he said , like it was the final word on the subject .
“ It was a long time ago . ” “ Like that matters . ”
She resisted the urge to rush to his side .
She had the feeling that if she got too close he would freeze up .
She turned and went toward the wardrobe instead .
“ She was your mom .
Mine drives me bat - shit crazy , but if anything were to happen to her it would devastate me . ” “ She feels the same way about you , ” he said .
Beth felt a little bubble of warmth burst in her chest .
Yeah , she guessed deep down she knew that .
But Beth was n't about to let him change the subject .
“ What happened to your mom ? ” “ I was seventeen .
She and I got into a fight one night after she 'd been drinking .
She grabbed the keys and before any of us could stop her she 'd driven off and wrapped the car around a tree . ”
Beth froze as she was pulling down her dress .
She could n't help it .
He had n't used many words .
He did n’t need to .
She could see the scene crystal clear in her mind .
He 'd been a kid .
His world had been turned upside down .
“ You joined the Navy right after that , ” she said .
It was n't a question .
“ How did you know ? ” he asked .
“ Does n't sound like your home had a lot of structure or discipline .
You 're obviously a guy who values those things .
So you found a place that had them .
I may have only known you for a couple of days , but you 're a pretty easy read . ” “ I know a couple of people who would disagree with you . ” “ Then they ’re idiots , ” she said .
He laughed darkly .
He was waiting for her by the door when she was dressed and ready , his face impassive .
She put her hand up to his cheek .
“ For what it 's worth , I ' m sorry , ” she said .
He gazed at her for a long time before nodding and opening the door .
They took the elevator this time .
He was silent all the way back down .
Almost all of her anger had faded away .
Halfway down , Alex 's text alert went off .
He pulled his phone from his pocket , and looked at the screen for half a second before slipping it back into his pocket .
“ We need to make a quick stop before dinner . ”
Beth nodded .
Alex walked through a set of unmarked doors near the restaurant entrance .
Bright fluorescent lights gleamed off polished tiled floors .
The corridor was clean but industrial , a glaring contrast to the elegance of the hotel .
She did n’t ask where they were going .
Off to hear more news , no doubt .
It was strange how quickly she was getting used to this new life of hers .
She was still afraid , but somehow she 'd managed to push it into the background .
She could function if she did n't think that all of this fuss was over her .
Beth looked up .
She had n't noticed that she ’d fallen a few steps behind Alex .
Apparently , he had n’t either .
She scurried forward , trying to make up the distance .
But before she could reach him a door swung open and a metal cart slid between them .
Beth stopped short , but not quick enough .
Her knee bumped into the side and all the covered dishes on top swayed and clattered .
The waiter pushing the cart looked at her and smiled .
It was a friendly enough gesture so she smiled back .
He did n't seem upset that she 'd nearly knocked over a whole table ’s worth of food .
“ Hey , you do n't happen to be Beth Bradley , do you ? ” he asked .
“ Yeah , ” she said .
“ Good , cause — ” Whatever he was going to say was cut off .
Alex appeared and wrapped his arm around the man 's neck , forcing the waiter to bend back at an extreme angle .
The man 's arms shot up .
“ Dude , ” he shouted .
“ What the hell ? ”
Beth 's hands flew to her open mouth as the waiter teetered on his heels .
Alex held him upright , but the poor guy had to bend his knees to keep himself steady .
If Alex loosened his grip the guy would crumble to the floor .
“ How do you know her name ? ”
Alex demanded .
His voice was like sharpened steel , cold and deadly .
“ Th - there 's a group in the restaurant waiting for her .
I heard them asking where she was . ”
Alex 's arm tightened around the waiter 's neck .
His words just barely squeaked out .
Beth shot Alex a look .
He did n't let go .
“ That 's the only way you know her ? ”
Alex whispered into the waiter ’s ear .
“ Yeah .
I do n't know her , I swear .
Dude , let me go , ” the waiter said again .
His face was turning red .
“ Alex , let him go , ” Beth said .
She did n't want the poor guy passing out — or worse — just because he 'd made the mistake of talking to her .
Alex looked at her for a long moment before reluctantly letting the man slip from his grasp .
The waiter clutched his throat .
Beth expected some yelling , maybe even a little crying .
But instead the guy started grinning like an idiot .
“ That was awesome , ” he said , staring at Alex in admiration .
“ You came out of nowhere .
What are you , some kind of ninja ? ”
Alex pushed the metal cart out of Beth 's way and took her hand .
“ I ' m nobody . ” “ Dude , you are amazing , ” the waiter called after them as they walked down the hall .
“ Totally sick . ”
Alex pushed open another set of doors at the end of the hall , and pulled her out onto a small concrete landing .
A set of concrete steps led down to an empty loading dock .
John Ryman was leaning against a wall at the far end .
He uncrossed his arms and walked toward them .
When he got close enough he nodded at Beth , then focused his attention on Alex .
“ What do you have ? ”
Alex asked .
He sounded impatient .
“ We have confirmation that another hit has been put out on Miss Bradley . ”
A knot instantly formed in Beth 's throat .
She tried to swallow it down , but it refused to budge .
“ Munoz ? ”
Alex asked .
John shook his head .
“ It was your guy this time .
We intercepted another communication saying that his man was already en route to the hotel , and that Munoz was to stay out of it this time . ”
Alex ’s eyes hardened as he nodded .
“ Do we know who he contracted ? ” “ No . ”
“ So we 're flying blind . ” “ Nothing unusual there , ” John said .
“ Keep your eyes open and your head screwed on straight .
You should be fine . ”
John cast Beth a sideways glance .
He obviously did n't think much of her head screwing on skills .
She could n't blame him .
It was n't what she was known for .
“ How are you holding up ? ”
John asked .
He sounded concerned , though Beth had the feeling he was more worried about her messing up his mission than with her welfare .
“ I ’ m okay . ”
The truth was , she was scared as hell .
But at least she was n’t panicking .
“ Do you have anything else ? ”
Alex asked .
“ Not now , ” John said .
“ I 'll be in touch if anything comes up . ”
He turned and disappeared into the fading evening light .
Alex led her back inside .
“ You all right ? ”
She nodded .
It was a lie , but what was she going to do ?
She had to be all right .
There was no other option .
“ Ready for dinner ? ” he asked .
Beth laughed a little .
Her stomach was currently doing back flips .
Her hands were shaking , and she was pretty sure that the burn she felt was stomach acid creeping up into her throat .
“ You bet , ” she said , though she had no idea which wine paired nicely with bile .


Chapter 11


Every meal that Beth had sat down to in the last two days had been painfully awkward , and the rehearsal dinner was no exception .
She endured stares and whispers , moments of uncomfortable silence .
A whole buffet of social awkwardness .
There were good moments too .
Isobel had laughed with her .
Spencer was seated at the other end of the table , and was , therefore , easy to ignore .
And her mother had actually hugged her when she walked into the restaurant .
It was as close to an apology as she was ever going to get .
Even with Alex next to her , Beth kept looking over her shoulder .
He kept one hand on her the whole time .
He was either holding her hand , cupping her knee , or had one draped over her shoulder .
The message was clear .
I am here .
She was grateful for the reminder .
His presence was the only thing that was keeping her sane .
And not just because of the ever - present assassination threat .
He helped get her through the dinner with friends and family as well .
No matter what , he kept smiling .
It was an odd disconnect .
Though everyone at the table thought that he was a man of questionable repute , they all clearly liked him .
It was almost impossible not to like Alex when he turned on the charm .
Of course , she still had to remember to call him Charlie .
She found herself slipping more than once .
A few people noticed and raised their eyebrows .
Alex only winked .
It was sweet .
And sexy as hell .
She was falling for him . Hard .
It was a stupid thing to do .
Not because of what he did — he was one of the good guys , after all — and not because she feared that she might mess up his concentration , but because she knew he would leave .
She figured she had about a fifty / fifty chance of making it through the weekend alive .
She did n't want her dying thought to be that she did n’t grab every moment of sweetness that life had to offer .
On the other hand , if she did somehow manage to walk away from this whole thing , she knew that Alex would be walking in the other direction .
She was just a job to him .
A job with perks , sure , but a job all the same .
If she gave too much of her heart away , she knew she 'd be crushed .
Still , she 'd suffered through broken hearts before .
And with the help of a few sappy songs and more than a few quarts of Ben and Jerry 's , she 'd survived .
But those guys had n't been Alex .
She was n't sure anybody survived Alex .
Not in any sense .
At least her appetite had returned .
Good thing too .
The béarnaise sauce that was slathered over her chicken was phenomenal .
Her mother tsked across the table at her as she soaked some up on a piece of bread .
Beth just smiled back before popping it into her mouth .
Her mother 's disapproving stare did n't last long .
Isobel stood at the head of the table and lifted her glass .
“ I want to thank everyone for coming today .
Thanks to my parents and to my family who traveled here from all over the world .
Thanks to all the Masterson family for welcoming me .
And thank you to all my friends who have come to share in the celebration .
But I 'd like to give a special thanks to my lifelong friend , Beth Bradley .
We 've always been there for each other , ever since we were kids .
We 've had a lot of adventures , and more than our fair share of misadventures .
I just want you to know I would n't give them up for anything , and I wish you all the happiness in the world . ”
Beth felt her eyes begin to burn .
Big , fat tears slipped down her cheeks , but she smiled as she lifted her glass .
“ Beth has been promising all week that she wo n't cry at the ceremony tomorrow .
But I ' m kind of hoping that she will .
Big emotions are nothing to be ashamed of .
Showing how you feel about the people in your life is nothing to hide .
So go ahead and cry all you want , Beth .
Just do n't get any on my dress . ”
A chorus of cheers went up at the table .
Beth flashed a smile at her best friend .
Just like that — just like the best friend that she was — Isobel helped Beth make up her mind .
Beth finished her dinner , but did n't wait for dessert .
She said her goodbyes , hugged her mom and kissed her best friend .
She resisted kicking the legs of Spencer 's chair out from under him as she passed by .
She probably did n't need to make every emotion public .


* * *


Alex took a good long look at Beth as the elevator doors shut .
She was beautiful — even with red - rimmed eyes .
She wore her emotions openly , and her failure to hide them made her gorgeous .
She was naturally honest , even when she was lying .
He knew why she did n't stick around for dessert .
It had nothing to do with fitting into a dress tomorrow .
And it was n't because she was afraid .
Earlier , he had felt her tremble when they first sat down , but now she was calm .
She kissed him as soon as the doors of the elevator shut .
There was no pressing urgency spurred by fear , or relief at still being alive .
Her lips moved slowly , deliberately over his .
She lifted her hands to his face , and pulled him closer .
Her tenderness moved him .
Just because the urgency was gone did n't mean the passion was .
Desire grew within him as her tongue caressed his bottom lip .
If she was n't careful , he was going to take her right here in the elevator .
What the hell ?
It was probably the safest place in the hotel right now .
The only place that he was absolutely sure there was n't anyone waiting to hurt her .
He eyed the emergency stop button before disregarding the tempting idea .
They would only have time for a quick tumble against the walls before the maintenance crew found them .
That was n’t the kind of night he wanted , and , based on the slow promise of her kiss , it was n’t what she wanted either .
Beth kept right on kissing him even after the elevator doors opened .
He pulled away just long enough to walk down the hall .
One of John ’s agents was standing guard at the door of the stairwell .
The man glanced his way , but did n’t acknowledge them in any way .
But if he had made the agent , someone else would too .
It was a hard balance .
They needed the place well guarded , but it was difficult to pull off without being obvious .
Not that Alex cared .
Beth ’s safety was the only thing that mattered .
They would get this bastard some other way if they had to .
He hurried her into the room and resumed their kiss .
He pulled at his tie .
She unzipped her dress and began to unbutton his shirt .
Her feather - light kisses slowly stoked the fire building inside him .
He slid his hands down from the curve of her waist , over her hips , to the flowing fabric of her dress .
He walked his fingers up , lifting the material above the curve of her hips .
She shook her head , breaking the kiss as she did .
“ Not here , ” she said .
Alex had to blink a few times to see through the haze of desire .
“ Where then ? ” he asked , looking around the room .
She smiled .
“ That tub .
You know how much I want to be in that tub . ”
A slow smile took over his face .
Of course .
It was perfect .
He went into the bathroom and started the water .
Steam swirled around the room as a cascade of warm water filled the antique tub .
He slid his shirt the rest of the way down his arms .
She stood in the doorway behind him , wearing only her bra and panties .
Pink silk clung to her dramatic curves .
Alex 's mouth watered .
She was the tastiest thing he 'd ever seen , full and ripe and ready to be slowly savored .
He went back to her kisses , wrapping his arms around her , reveling in the softness of her skin .
With deft fingers , he unhooked her bra .
He had to stand back to let it drift down to the floor .
Her breasts were perfect .
Full and round and begging to be kissed .
Even in the wet warmth of the bathroom her nipples were hard and tight .
He bent his head down and drew one into his mouth , twirling the hard nub with his tongue .
Her head fell back against the doorjamb , and he was treated to the gorgeous sound of her pleasure - drenched moans .
Dear God , he could n't remember his cock ever being so hard in his life , and he did n't even have her pants off yet .
He needed to rectify that . Now .
He made his way down her belly , leaving a trail of kisses behind .
He bent down on his knees before her , and hooked his fingers under the elastic of her panties .
With aching slowness he dragged them over her pale skin , exposing her pussy .
She was trembling .
He glanced up to see if it was anticipation or anxiety over being naked that had her shaking .
A mixture of both , he decided .
It was all right .
He knew a way to take her mind off her fears .
He wrapped his fingers around her left leg and draped it over his shoulder .
She was beautiful .
Every inch of her .
Every part .
He kissed her again , his tongue moving slowly between her lips .
She tasted every bit as sweet as he 'd imagined .
He turned slow circles around her clit until her little moans were breathy and more urgent .
Her hands curled into his shoulders , pressing him forward .
She did n't mind asking for more of what she wanted .
And he was only too happy to comply .
Her legs started to shudder .
He pressed his hands against her body to hold her upright .
Her shaking became more intense , her moans more urgent , until he felt her break and loosen against him .
Only then did he stop and rise to his feet .
He did n't waste any time stripping off the rest of his clothes , and discarded them in a pile on the bathroom tile .
He settled into the tub first .
She followed , sitting down on his lap .
Her legs nestled against his side .
She slowly descended , taking him all the way in one stroke .
Damn , she felt good .
Soft and wet and everything that he ’d ever wanted .
Her legs were still shaky , and she moved slowly .
He would n't have wanted it any other way .
He was going to savor her .
Every stroke .
Every heartbeat .
Every breath .
He wrapped his hands around her neck and kissed her .
He did n't break the kiss .
Not once .
Not as the warm water surrounding their moving bodies sloshed over the side of the tub .
Not as the pleasure of her body sliding against his grew until he felt as though he would lose himself entirely in her .
And when he finally did break , he clutched her to him as if she were the source of everything he ’d ever needed .


* * *


Beth wrapped the hotel robe around her body .
She 'd finally relented and climbed from the tub .
She could n't stay in there forever .
She was half prune as it was .
And while Alex had shown her in every imaginable way that he had absolutely no problem with her body , she was n't sure yet that she wanted to push the limits of his tolerance by going full prune on the poor guy .
Water clung to her legs as she stepped out of the bathroom .
Alex was already dressed . . .well , clothed . . .well , partially .
He had on a t - shirt and a pair of boxer shorts .
It was n't exactly evening wear , but dear Lord , he still looked sexy as hell .
He looked up at her from the message he was reading on his phone and smiled .
“ Hey , sweetheart , ” he said .
Hey , sweetheart .
That was enough to make her a puddle on the floor .
She was such a softie .
There was a knock on the door .
Alex 's head immediately snapped up .
“ Room service , ” a voice from the other side said .
Alex pulled his gun from the holster on the floor , and tucked it into the back waistband of his boxers .
Only then did he go to the door .
“ We did n't order any room service , ” he said .
“ It 's from a John Ryman .
He called from down in the lobby .
Said it was a shame you did n't stay for dessert and champagne .
Figured you might want this after an hour or so . ”
Even through the door , Beth could hear the laughter in the man 's voice .
“ Come on , ” Beth said .
“ I seriously doubt that assassins knock . ” “ Shows what you know , ” Alex said with a tilt of his head .
“ I can leave it outside if , you know , this is n't a good time , ” the voice said .
Alex undid the chain .
Then the two other locks that held the door secure .
He cracked it open slowly , his hand never leaving the butt of his gun .
After a second , he let the door fall open .
A metal cart rolled into the room , pushed by the same waiter they 'd run into in the corridor .
The one that Alex had put into a choke hold not three hours ago .
“ Hey , it 's you , ” the guy said with a big smile .
Apparently , he was n't the kind to hold grudges .
Alex did n't look half as happy to see him .
“ Is there any chance that you could show me how you pulled off that sick move earlier ? ” “ No chance in hell . ” “ That 's too bad , ” he said .
“ Not many people get the drop on me .
I 'd like to have known how you did it . ”
Beth felt a tickle of unease as the waiter reached behind him and started to pull something out of his back waistband .
She took a step to the side , so she was positioned behind the couch , as the waiter turned toward her .
She did n’t wait .
She listened to her gut and threw herself on the ground .
She caught a flash of gunmetal as she fell .
She heard the gun go off .
It was quieter than she expected .
He must have had a silencer .
Shards of wood floated to the floor as the bullet embedded in the wardrobe five feet behind her .
Beth lifted her head in time to see Alex slam into the other man .
The waiter quickly recovered and tried turning the gun in Alex ’s direction .
But the men were too close .
Alex grabbed the man ’s wrist and yanked it back hard .
There were no broken bones this time , but the gun fell .
Alex took a hard hit to the jaw , but he took it without complaint .
And gave one of his own right back .
The hits flew so fast Beth had a hard time keeping track .
This guy was better than the last .
There was no doubt about that .
He kept up with the speed of Alex 's punches , deflecting the worst of the attack .
Alex might need her help .
She looked around for the gun and found it underneath the couch , just out of reach .
She tried to squeeze her way under , but could n't quite fit .
She desperately stretched out her arm , past the point of pain .
Her fingers just barely brushed the butt .
She flicked at it , willing it to move into her hand , until she finally got a decent grip on it .
She ’d never held a real gun before , just water pistols when she was a kid , but she figured the idea was the same .
Business end points at bad guy .
Pull the trigger .
Except if she did manage to fire this thing , something a hell of a lot worse than someone getting wet would happen .
Beth popped up from behind the couch .
She tried to aim at the waiter , but her hands were shaking too hard .
She straightened her arms and locked her elbows .
It did n’t help .
Not that it mattered .
The men were fighting too close for her to risk taking a shot .
Both men were taking a beating .
Blood trickled from cuts on their faces .
Body blows hit with sickening thuds , but other than that they did n't make a sound .
Neither grunted .
Neither cried out .
The waiter landed a solid hit into Alex ’s gut .
Alex backed up a step , breathing hard .
It looked like he was in trouble .
The assassin must have thought the same thing .
He took advantage , going for another hard blow to Alex 's side .
But Alex did n't crumple .
Instead , in a flash , he grasped the man 's forearm and twisted the arm back at an unnatural angle .
Only then did the waiter make a sound .
It was n't a scream exactly , but a muffled yelp that was no less sickening .
Alex took advantage of the waiter 's injury , twisting his elbow until it crooked behind his spine .
Alex slung his other arm around the man 's throat , immobilizing him .
Only then did Alex look over at her .
He was breathing hard , and his face was bleeding pretty bad .
It was obvious that he was favoring his right side .
Beth realized that he had faked his injury , at least partially .
But he had n’t fallen .
She should have known that it would have taken a hell of a lot more than that to bring Alex Tanner down .
What had John said ?
He would have brought an army .
Alex positioned himself so his back was against the wall , holding the waiter fast in his arms .
The guy was n't going anywhere .
Beth closed her eyes and turned her face .
She did n't want to watch as another guy crumpled to the floor with a broken neck .
“ Get my phone , ” Alex said .
She opened one eye and peeked .
The waiter , or whoever the hell he was , was still alive .
“ Find John in my contact list and tell him we need backup . ”
Beth nodded .
She dropped the gun on the couch and looked around for Alex ’s phone .
It was on the bedside table .
Her legs were shaky , but she made it there all right .
It turned out her fingers were even shakier .
It took her three attempts to dial John before she succeeded .
It was a good thing she had n't tried to shoot that gun after all .
The phone only rang once .
“ Go , ” a voice said from the other end .
“ Um . . .John , ” she said .
It was only after she heard her own voice that she realized that she was crying .
“ Beth ?
What 's going on ?
Where 's Alex ? ”
It was the closest thing to emotion that she 'd heard in his voice .
“ He 's okay .
But we need some help . ”
The man started to struggle anew in Alex 's grasp .
Alex jolted his arm up again .
This time there was a harsh crack and the man moaned as he sagged in Alex 's arms .
“ Backup , ” Alex repeated .
“ We need backup . ” “ He says backup , ” Beth said into the phone , “ but I ' m sticking with help . ”
It did n't take the cavalry long to arrive .
John was there before the tears dried on Beth 's cheeks .
There were two other men with him .
There would have been four , he said , but the other two were busy helping the agent they ’d found shot at the end of the hallway .
The man she 'd seen when they 'd stepped from the elevator .
Beth felt her heart sink to the floor .
The tears welled up again and rolled down her cheeks .
This was all because of her .
A man had been shot because of her .
Alex 's face and body had taken a beating because of her .
God knew how many more were putting their lives in danger , all because of her .
“ He 's going to live , ” John told her .
His voice was as flat as ever , but he put his hand on her shoulder for a millisecond .
She looked up at him and smiled .
He was trying to comfort her .
He was terrible at it , but at least he was trying .
That was what mattered .
The two men with John wasted no time hauling off the waiter .
“ Where are you taking him ? ”
Beth asked .
Both John and Alex looked at her , mouths closed .
Yeah , she should n't have expected an answer .


* * *


It should n’t have happened .
He knew better .
He knew the danger out there , and he ’d allowed himself to be lulled into a false sense of security .
It was n’t like him at all .
Alex looked at his bloody face in the bathroom mirror .
He was lucky that this was the only price he had to pay for his momentary lapse in judgment .
Beth could have been killed .
He slammed his fist down hard on the porcelain sink .
Damn , he knew better .
Maybe John was right .
Maybe he had let his emotions cloud his mind .
“ You all right in here ? ”
John appeared in the doorway .
“ I ’ m fine , ” Alex said through gritted teeth .
“ I can tell .
You look like hell . ”
Alex started dabbing at his face .
“ I 've had worse . ” “ That you have .
How 's the rest of you ? ”
Alex washed most of the blood off his face and assessed his injuries .
He had a cut above his right eye .
Another on his cheek .
His nose was bleeding but not broken .
There was a hell of a bruise forming on his jaw .
He lifted his shirt and took a look in the mirror .
His side was red as hell , and there was already some purple showing through , but other than that he was fine .
“ Battered , but not broken , ” Alex said .
John nodded .
“ I 'll double the guard on the floor tonight .
You guys get some sleep .
I have a feeling this last defeat is n't going to sit well with our guy . ”
Alex turned from the mirror .
His muscles were beginning to ache as the adrenaline fled his body .
“ You think he ’ll try again tonight ? ” “ I doubt it .
He ’s going to need to regroup and come up with a new plan , ” John said .
“ Hopefully we ’ll be able to get some information out of this latest guy .
Thanks for not snapping his neck . ” “ I wanted to , ” Alex admitted .
“ I know . ”
John clapped him on the shoulder .
Alex winced .
“ You sure you 're all right ? ”
John asked .
“ You do n't need me to send anyone else in ? ”
Alex glared at his friend .
“ I ' m not leaving her , John . ”
John looked at him long and hard before nodding again .
“ All right then , ” he said before turning and leaving .
The room stayed silent .
Alex helped Beth into the bed , and pulled her into his arms .
She cried for a little longer before sleep took her , and her breathing slowed .
He kept his arms around her and waited for his mind to stop buzzing long enough for sleep to find him as well .
But it was n't the fear of more attacks that kept him awake .
It was the last thing he 'd said to John .
He was n't leaving her .
He 'd meant it .
And he had n't just been talking about tonight .


Chapter 12


A girl could get used to waking up this way .
Alex 's strong arm was draped over her chest .
He was spooned up against her , his groin nestled against the curve of her bottom .
She snuggled a little deeper in his embrace , and felt a stirring between his legs .
Yeah , a girl could definitely get used to this .
His chin was perched on top of her head and she fit perfectly into the hollow beneath him .
This was paradise .
Well , it would have been if it were n’t for the constant beeping of her phone alarm .
It kept going and going .
Like there was something important she had forgotten .
Somewhere she had to be .
Isobel 's wedding .
Beth shot straight up .
Alex let out a little groan of disappointment .
“ Things were just getting good , ” he said .
Beth blushed a little , and smiled to herself .
After everything that had happened , it still stoked her ego that Alex desired her .
Then again , she had no idea how he felt about her otherwise .
All she knew was that he liked her enough to keep her alive and sleeping in his bed .
And really , should n't that be enough ?
Who would n't give their right hand to have spent two nights with this guy — three , if she counted the one he 'd spent on the couch ?
It should have been enough .
And yet , somehow , it was n't .
She wanted more .
That was the problem .
She had the feeling that when it came to Alex Tanner she would always want more .
Even if she spent the rest of her days by his side , it would always be one day too little .
But the truth was that there was probably only today .
And it had already started .
Beth pushed the hair out of her eyes and looked down at him .
Her hand flew to her mouth .
He looked like hell .
Well , as close to hell as a guy like Alex was ever going to get .
His mouth was cut up and bruised .
His nose and cheeks were red and swollen .
And his right eye was sporting one hell of a shiner .
It looked like he had fought for the heavyweight title last night .
“ Are you all right ? ” she asked .
“ It 's that bad , eh ? ” he asked .
He rose up on his elbows , and she had the feeling that the rest of him was n't faring much better than his face .
“ No .
It 's just not . . .good . ” “ You 're very reassuring . ” “ Sorry , ” she said .
“ What are we going to tell everyone at the wedding ? ” “ The truth , ” he said .
Beth 's eyes widened even further .
“ That you like it rough . ”
Beth whacked him in the shoulder with a pillow .
He grimaced a little .
“ Sorry , ” she said , immediately bending down to kiss the spot she 'd hit .
“ I ' m fine , ” he said .
Like hell he was fine .
But she was n't going to argue with him .
She had her own problems to deal with .
She had to get ready for a wedding .
Beth wriggled out of the sheets and stepped down onto the floor .
She took a long , hot shower , all the time hoping that Alex would slide in behind her , help her wash her hair and … other parts .
But he did n't .
She understood .
He had to be sore from the beating he ’d taken last night .
But still , it was hard not to want one last taste of him .
She was n't sure just how quickly he would be flying from her life once this was all over .
On the other hand , Beth was n't sure she wanted to think too hard about how today was going to end .
She was n't sure the odds were in her favor of walking away alive .
After last night 's attempt on her life , she was n't feeling all that optimistic .
Instead she reveled in the warm water washing over her .
She looked out the window at the city below , just coming to life , and let her mind drift to all the things she 'd never done , all the things she 'd put off , thinking that she 'd have the time to do them later .
Beth shoved the melancholy thought away .
If this did prove to be her last day on earth , she was n’t going to waste it .
Beth turned off the water and wrapped a big , fluffy towel around her .
One thing that she did know for certain — if she did survive this day , she was buying new towels .
Life was too short to settle for the thin , crappy towels she had at home .
Alex was on the phone when she stepped out of the shower .
He was n't talking , just listening intently as he paced the floor of the bedroom , twisting and stretching , bringing his muscles back to life .
He paused as she stepped into the room .
The look on his face was flat .
“ Understood , ” he said .
He turned off the phone and tossed it on to the bed .
“ That did n't sound good , ” Beth said .
“ They 've intercepted another message .
Apparently , our guy is n't too pleased with the last two failures .
He 's decided to come down and take care of things himself . ”
Beth swallowed the lump that was quickly forming in her throat .
“ Is that a bad thing ? ” she asked .
“ Depends on how you look at it .
We have a better chance of catching this guy now than ever before , ” he said .
“ That 's good . ” “ But it also shows just how desperate he is to get you out of the picture .
This guy is a total unknown .
There 's no telling what he ’s going to do . ” “ That 's not so good . ”
Alex shook his head slowly .
“ No , it 's not .
But no matter what happens , I ' m going to be right by your side . ”
She never doubted that he would .
But there was an intensity to his words that made her pause , something underneath that she could n't read .
“ Thank you , ” she said .
She wrapped her arms around him .
She rested her face against his chest , and breathed deeply .
She had to tell him how she felt .
She did n't know how he would react , but she was n't going to live what might be her last day in fear .
“ Listen , I want to tell you something .
I ' m not sure if it 's just a reaction to everything that has happened the last couple of days .
I mean you 've saved me from two assassination attempts — that can change the way a girl looks at a guy . ” “ Beth , ” he said .
His voice was filled with hesitation , but he did n't push her away .
“ Or maybe it was how you dealt with my family and friends .
Or the way you helped me deal with them .
Either way . ” “ Beth , do n't . ”
She went on anyway .
What the hell ?
The only thing was to just say it .
Put it out there .
Live a little before she died .
“ The thing is , I love you . ”
There .
Done .
She 'd said it .
He held on to her for another half second , not saying a word .
Then he took a step back so she was an arm 's length away .
His fingers dug into her shoulders .
His eyes were hard , intense , like gemstones .
“ You 're only saying this because you think that you 're going to die . ”
Beth shook her head .
It was n't entirely the reason .
And it did n’t change the fact that it was true .
Apparently , he did n't believe her .
“ You 're going to be fine , Beth .
Do you hear me ?
Nothing is going to happen to you . ” “ You willing to put money on that ? ”
She tried humor .
He did n’t laugh .
“ You 're not going to die .
I swear it . ”
He pulled her back into his arms , and held her with a protective ferocity that she 'd never experienced .
He did n't utter another word .
He did n't have to .
He did n’t feel the same way about her .
She did n't really expect him to .
They had n't known each other for very long .
The time that they had spent together was hardly conducive to courtship .
Intense emotion , yes .
But traditional wine - and - dine romance , not so much .
But it was obvious that he cared about her .
Deeply .
Passionately .
Perhaps briefly .
She tried to tell herself that it did n’t matter .
She ’d take what she could get .
Only now , what she could get did n’t seem half as satisfying as it had last night .


* * *


I love you .
The words rang in his head , over and over , as the hot shower rained down on him .
She did n’t mean it .
She was just afraid , desperate .
But desperation was n’t where those words had come from .
One look in Beth ’s eyes had shown him that her confession came from somewhere far deeper .
She loved him .
He could n’t pretend that she did n’t know what she was getting into .
He may not have known her long but he ’d already shared more with her than any other woman he ’d been with .
She ’d peered into all his dark corners and still made a place in her heart for him .
Her strength , her resolve , her charm — they all amazed him .
He would do anything to keep her safe and happy and by his side .
Damn the consequences .
If this was n't love , he did n't know what was .
The realization hit him like a hit to the gut . Love .
He loved her .
He did n't just want her in his bed ; he wanted her in his life .
But for that to happen , he was going to have to get her through this day alive .
He stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist .
He found Beth curled up on the bed , hands covering her eyes .
“ Beth ? ” he asked .
She was sobbing .
His heart sank .
He should have told her how he felt the second she ’d said the words .
She looked up , her eyes puffy and red .
“ The dress , ” she said .
Her voice was shaking so badly that he barely made out the words .
“ The dress ? ” he asked .
It was draped across the bed .
He picked up the pile of lavender silk .
This was what was making her cry ?
“ He shot it , ” she said .
“ Three months . . .okay . . .three weeks of near starvation , just to fit into the damned thing , and that son - of - a - bitch ruins everything . ”
Alex looked down at the dress in his hands .
Sure enough , there was a jagged hole through the waist .
Alex hid the smile that was starting to pull at his lips .
After all that she had been through , this was what was going to push her over the edge .
“ It 's going to be okay , ” he said , sitting next to her and putting his arms around her shoulders .
The look she shot him said otherwise .
“ You do n't understand . ” “ Maybe I do n't .
Why do n't you tell me ? ” “ It 's not the dress , ” she said .
“ Well , it is , but it is n't . ” “ Okay , ” he said slowly .
“ It 's everything .
All the crap that 's been going on with Spencer , and my family , and Isobel getting married .
And do n’t get me started with the attempts on my life .
The one thing that kept me going strong instead of running for the hills was how good I was going to look in that dress .
I know it sounds crazy . ” “ No , it does n't , ” he said , even though it did .
She wiped at her eyes and glared at him .
“ Of course , it sounds crazy .
It is crazy .
But it 's still true .
I just wanted to be perfect in that dress , and now some bastard has shot it . ”
He did n't quite understand .
And maybe he 'd have to spend his whole life with her before he ever did .
“ And the funny thing is that now I wish that I had taken a shot at him .
Not for trying to kill me .
But for ruining this stupid , ugly bridesmaid dress . ”
She was laughing now .
Laughing while she cried .
Alex kept his arm draped around her shoulder .
But he thought it might be better if he did n't say a word .
She seemed to be doing fine just talking on her own .
Suddenly , she stood up .
“ Let 's get these bastards today , ” she said , resolve shining in her eyes along with her tears .
“ I ' m not going to let anyone ruin another damn thing in my life . ”
Alex smiled .
That was a sentiment that he could get behind .
He was n't sure how she got there with a dress , but he supposed that did n't much matter .
“ All right , then , ” she announced , turning toward the wardrobe .
“ I ' m going to need a sweater . ”


* * *


“ Is that a bullet hole ? ”
Isobel asked , her voice going so high that it just barely fit in the range of human hearing .
Beth shook her head a little too emphatically .
“ No !
What ?
Of course not . ”
Isobel bent over to inspect the holes in either side of Beth 's dress .
Beth tried to swat her away , but she refused to be deterred .
“ Then what the hell caused this ? ”
At least she sounded truly concerned and not upset .
Beth did n't think she could take it if she ruined Isobel 's big day .
“ I do n't know .
Moths ? ” she tried .
Isobel stood .
Her hands went to her hips .
“ Seriously ?
Moths ? ”
Beth shrugged her shoulders .
“ I do n't know . ” “ Only you , Beth .
Only you . ”
Isobel shook her head .
“ You can borrow my white cardigan .
That ought to cover it . ” “ Thank you , ” Beth said , overwhelmed with relief .
“ You 're not off the hook yet .
You still have n't told me what 's up with him . ”
Isobel tilted her head toward Alex .
He stood just inside the doorway of the honeymoon suite , doing his best to stay out of the way , but in a room full of bridesmaids getting their hair and makeup done , he was completely out of place .
“ I told you , he 's just hanging out , ” Beth said .
It was getting harder and harder to come up with excuses .
At this point , it was easier to have everyone think that he was some kind of control freak .
“ No , I mean what happened to him ?
He 's all beat up , ” Isobel said .
“ He fell out of bed in the middle of the night . ”
It came out more question than answer .
Isobel stared at her for a second before throwing her hands up in the air .
“ Okay , you ’re going to tell me what ’s really going on here . ” “ Isobel , ” Mrs . Munoz shouted from across the room .
“ It 's time to get your makeup done . ” “ Right after the ceremony , ” Isobel said to Beth .
She poked her finger into Beth 's chest for good measure .
“ Promise ? ” “ Promise , ” Beth said .
A reprieve .
Thank God .
Beth shrugged the white beaded sweater over her shoulders .
It was n’t the greatest match , but at least it covered the holes .
“ How do I look ? ” she asked Alex , going to stand in front of him .
“ You look great , ” he said .
He looked like he meant it .
“ The sweater does n't make me look too matronly ? ”
He shook his head .
He obviously was n't in the mood to talk about sweaters .
There was something else on his mind .
“ We have to go downstairs to meet John .
That is n't going to be a problem , is it ? ” “ I do n't think so , ” she said .
“ There ’s still a little time before we have to make our way to the garden .
I ' m all ready , so I doubt anyone is going to miss me . ” “ Good . ”
He laced his fingers with hers as he led her from the room .
They walked slowly down the hall , Alex checking every turn and doorway before allowing Beth to pass by .
They found John standing against the balcony doors in the lobby .
He looked up as they approached , nodding at Beth .
“ You look nice , Miss Bradley . ” “ Thank you , ” she said .
She had the feeling that a compliment from John was a rare thing indeed .
Beth opened the doors and stepped out on the balcony as Alex and John talked .
She was n’t interested in hearing about more intercepted communications , or how secure the perimeter around the hotel was .
All she wanted was half a minute to herself .
Alex did n’t stop her , so she figured she was safe enough .
He was just on the other side of the glass door .
Besides , a bit of fresh air and quiet was worth the risk .
She went to the railing and looked out over the bay .
The wind was calm , the temperature mild .
A few puffy white clouds dotted the sky , but nothing threatening .
It was a perfect day for a wedding .
Beth offered up a little prayer that everything would go as planned today , and not just because that would mean that she would n’t get wheeled from the Kensington in a body bag , but because Isobel deserved a perfect day .
Maybe one day Beth would get a wedding day of her own .
If she lived that long .
Beth looked down at the sound of passing footsteps .
And froze .
It was him .
Dear God , it was him .
The man she had seen in the laundry room .
The man who had been with Salvatore .
The man who wanted her dead .
Their eyes locked .
Beth 's fingers curled around the railing .
She tried to open her mouth to call out for Alex , for John , for anyone , but nothing came out .
The man stared back , recognition showing in his narrowed eyes .
He slipped his hand into his jacket .
He was going for a gun .
He was just going to shoot her right here and now .
And why not ?
She was practically handing him his chance on a silver platter , standing stock - still , waiting patiently to be shot .
A switch turned on inside .
She refused to go out quietly .
Beth opened her mouth and screamed .
Full - throated and loud as a siren .
The man below her winced .
More importantly , he hesitated .
In the space of a heartbeat , the balcony doors flew open and Alex was at her side .
He grabbed her by the arms and spun her around .
“ Are you all right ? ” he asked , looking her up and down for injuries .
“ What is it ? ” “ He 's here , ” she said .
She could n't keep her voice from shaking .
“ Where ? ”
John asked .
His eyes were already scanning the parking lot .
“ Down there . ”
Beth pointed to the spot directly under the railing .
The man had already disappeared .
“ He 's gone . ” “ It 's all right .
We 'll find him , ” Alex said .
Beth shook her head .
“ He went for a gun .
He was going to shoot me .
I panicked .
I ' m sorry . ”
Alex wrapped his arms around her .
“ Do n't be sorry .
You did what you had to do .
And it was effective . ”
Alex pulled her closer to the door , but not all the way inside .
John flanked her on the other side .
“ I 'll alert the team , ” John said .
“ No need , ” Alex said with a hint of a smile .
“ I ’ m sure everyone in a three block radius heard that scream . ”
Beth smacked him in the shoulder .
“ I told you I was sorry . ”
John stared down at the pair of them , confusion on his face .
She did n't blame him .
She and Alex were a mismatched pair .
But whatever was going on between them , it worked .
“ I ’ m taking her back upstairs , ” Alex said .
Beth shook her head .
“ You ca n't do that . ” “ Of course I can . ” “ It ’s almost time for the ceremony , ” she said .
“ And you ’re missing it . ”
He pulled her through the doors into the relative safety of the lobby .
“ Like hell I am .
What good am I to anyone up in our room ?
I ca n't identify anyone .
I ca n’t draw anyone out . ” “ But I can keep you safe . ” “ For how long ?
What happens if this does n’t end this weekend while I still have the cavalry around me ?
Do I just go home ?
Do I go into witness protection ? ” “ Do n’t worry about that .
I ’ve already promised that I wo n’t leave you . ” “ I do n’t want you to be my bodyguard , Alex .
I want you to be my lover .
Nothing else is going to work . ”
John coughed behind them .
Beth did n’t so much as blush .
Alex raked a hand through his hair .
He looked down at her .
His lips were a tight line .
He knew as well as she did that what she said was true .
“ Now , I am going to be in that wedding , and I am going to help you catch that son - of - a - bitch .
So if you want to keep me safe , you better come up with a new plan , and you better do it quick . ”


Chapter 13


“ You 're wearing a vest . ”
Beth barely had time to react to the object he tossed across the room at her .
It landed with a hard thump against her chest .
“ Oh come on , Alex .
Let 's be realistic , ” she said , lifting up the heavy thing to get a better look at it .
It was thick and bulky and jet - black .
“ Exactly .
I am being realistic , Beth .
There is a man out there who wants you dead .
He 's armed and he 's determined .
Your choices are wearing that vest or me shoving you in the back of a van and shuttling you clear across the country with me . ”
He did n't sound like he was joking .
Beth gave the vest a good long look .
She was n't going to lie — the last option was n't without allure .
But she had already ruled out running .
The same went for hiding .
She 'd been doing those things most of her life , and if there was one thing that she 'd learned , it was that neither really worked out .
Lies had a way of catching up with you .
Of course , there would n't be much to catch up to if she wound up with a great big hole in her chest .
She flicked her gaze between the vest and Alex .
Alex and the vest .
Damn it .
“ Okay , help me get into this ridiculous thing . ”
He pulled down the zipper of the dress and slid on the vest .
It was hardly a flattering accessory .
It flattened her chest .
So much for the expensive push - up bra that she 'd splurged on .
To hell with the slimming effect of her smoothing undergarments .
Right now she had the sexy silhouette of a hospital patient waiting for an x - ray .
The zipper just barely made it up her back .
Same with Isobel 's sweater .
She had to stretch the material to its limit just to button it .
Beth risked a look in the mirror .
Damn , she looked like a linebacker .
The only upside was there was n't any time to think about it .
Her phone buzzed and she answered .
“ Where the hell are you ? ”
Isobel practically screamed into the phone .
“ I ' m coming .
I ' m coming .
I still have five minutes .
I 'll be there , I promise . ”
She kept the phone on as she ran down the hall to the elevator .
Alex matched her step for step .
“ You need to tell me what the hell is going on right now , Beth .
I ' m starting to freak out , ” Isobel said on the other end .
“ Nothing .
Everything is fine , ” she said breathlessly into the phone .
Running with the vest on was almost impossible .
It weighed a ton .
Her lungs struggled to expand .
“ Like hell it is .
My parents heard you screaming on the balcony .
Jordan saw you running back to your room with Charlie .
I do n't care about delaying the ceremony if I have to .
I just want to know that you 're okay . ” “ I ’ m fine .
I swear .
I 'll be there in one minute .
Two minutes tops . ” “ You need to put the phone away , ” Alex said at her side .
“ Is that Charlie ? ”
Isobel demanded .
“ This is because of him , is n’t it ?
I do n't know what you 've gotten into with this guy , Beth , but you 've got to ditch him . ” “ I ca n't do that . ” “ Of course you can .
Just lean back and kick him straight in the — ” Whatever target Isobel had in mind was lost as Alex ripped the phone out of her hands and tossed it over the railing .
It disappeared into a blooming azalea bush .
Beth shrieked in alarm .
“ I hate that damned phone , ” he said .
The wedding party was waiting by a copse of trees at the edge of the Rose Garden .
Beth was totally out of breath by the time she reached them .
Everyone turned and stared at her like she was crazy .
She 'd made it .
Just barely , but she 'd made it .
Alex tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear .
“ I 'll be in the front with John , ” he said .
“ He ’s got this place well covered .
You ’re going to be fine .
I 'll come and get you the second this is over . ”
He pulled her into his arms and kissed her hard .
There were a couple of gasps , one loud cough and , after he had pulled away , a whole lot of eye rolling .
For the first time since she could remember , none of it bothered her .
She had bigger worries .
Isobel started toward her , glaring at Alex .
“ You better go , ” Beth whispered .
She did n't want to be the cause of an even bigger scene before the ceremony .
He nodded , but did n’t move .
He opened his mouth like he was just about to say something .
Something important .
But Isobel was there before he could get it out .
“ You , ” she said , looking straight at Alex .
“ You need to leave . ” “ You ’re right , ” he said .
But he did n’t look happy about it .
His hand was still linked with hers .
She did n't want to pull away .
“ I wo n't be far away .
I promise . ”
Isobel waved her hands like she was shooing away a stray dog .
“ Go , ” she said .
Alex slowly turned and walked away .
It was the first time in three days that she 'd been away from him .
Three days , but it felt like forever .
In a good way .
In a way that left her wondering how she ever got this far without him , or how miserable it was going to be to go on without him .
Fortunately , she did n't have much time to dwell on it .
Isobel swiveled around , and it was Beth 's turn to face her .
Beth gave her a wan smile .
“ Beth , I do n't know what you think you are doing , but I do know that that guy is nothing but bad news .
He — ” Isobel 's face faded from red to white in an instant as she took in Beth ’s dress .
“ What the hell are you wearing under there ? ” “ Nothing . ”
Isobel pulled back the sweater .
Her eyes went wide .
“ Is that a bulletproof vest ? ”
Beth pressed a finger to her lips .
“ We 'll talk about it later , ” she said .
“ Why on earth are you wearing a bulletproof vest ? ” “ Later , ” Beth repeated .
“ I promise I will explain everything later . ”
Isobel did n’t look convinced , but Beth was saved when the music started up .
Everyone in the wedding procession took their places .
Beth found her spot next to Spencer .
He looked her up and down and laughed .
“ You look like a hot mess , Beth , ” he said .
Beth smiled as she took his arm .
“ Go fuck yourself , Spencer . ”
There was n’t time for any more pleasantries as they made their way down the aisle .
She earned a few odd looks and whispers , but Beth did n’t pay them any mind .
She kept her eyes open for the man that she 'd seen from the balcony .
But he was n’t anywhere to be seen .
Neither was Salvatore Munoz .
Alex was there , sitting in the second row .
John stood at the edge of the roses , not doing anything to hide his presence .
His team was easy enough to spot .
They were the ones scattered around the perimeter of the garden looking away from the ceremony .
Beth ’s attention was pulled away from the crowd as Isobel started her march toward the altar .
Her best friend looked more beautiful than ever .
Every trace of worry and anger was swept from Isobel ’s face the second that her eyes locked on Jordan .
Beth smiled as the strings stopped playing and Isobel 's father placed her hand in Jordan 's .
She felt the tears start to well up in her eyes .
Isobel walked up the three gazebo steps to her place in front of the priest .
Beth dabbed at her eyes with the sleeve of the sweater .
Everything was right .
Just as it should be .
“ Dearly beloved , ” the priest began .
Everyone sat .
And Beth was hit .
It came out of nowhere .
There was no sound .
No slow motion shot of the bullet ripping through the air at her heart .
One moment she was fine , ready to bawl her eyes out as her best friend got married , and the next it felt as though someone was bashing her square in the chest with an iron hammer .
Beth crumpled to the ground .
She could n't breathe .
She opened her mouth , desperate for air , but nothing happened .
No sounds , no screams .
Panic took over .
She opened her eyes wide , but all she saw was the bright blue blanket of sky above her .
A few blinks later , Alex 's face came into view .
She saw him mouth her name , but she could n’t hear his voice .
Shock , she realized .
She was in shock .
There was n't any comfort to be found in Alex ’s face .
He looked every bit as panicked as she felt .
His fingers ripped at the bodice of her dress , searching for a wound , feeling for blood .
He loosened the sides of the vest , and shoved it aside .
Some of the pressure left her chest .
His hands pulled away clean .
“ Look at me , Beth , ” he said .
His voice sounded tinny and far away , but at least she could hear him now .
Her eyes went to his .
He cupped his hand around the back of her neck .
“ Try to breathe , ” he said , his voice shaking .
She opened her mouth again , but nothing happened .
“ Again , ” he said .
Nothing .
“ You just got the wind knocked out of you , ” he said .
“ You 're going to be okay . ”
This time when she tried , the air rushed in .
And everything else came with it .
She heard the pandemonium that had erupted — shouting and running and chairs being knocked over .
She managed to turn her head as Isobel came into view .
“ Beth , what happened ? ”
When Beth could n't answer , she looked at Alex .
“ Dear God , somebody shot her . ” “ Everything is under control , ” Alex said .
“ Like hell it is .
What is going on ? ”
Isobel screeched .
Alex waved his hand and suddenly Jordan was there , wrapping his arms around Isobel 's waist .
“ We have to get everyone out of here , ” Alex said to him .
Jordan was as white as a sheet , but he nodded .
People might not know who Alex was , but they knew to listen to him .
Alex hooked his arms under Beth 's back and legs and lifted her up .
He started toward the hotel .
Most of the crowd had already scattered … except her parents .
They were running toward her , tears in her mother 's eyes .
“ Is she all right ? ” her mother shouted from a good twenty feet away .
Alex nodded .
Her mother rushed over and took her hand , crushing it with a ferocity that surprised her .
“ Oh , my baby girl , ” she said , pushing back her hair .
“ Who would want to do such a thing to you ? ” “ I ' m going to be okay , Mom . ”
Beth forced the words out .
It hurt to talk .
Hell , it hurt to breathe .
“ I have to get her inside , ” Alex said , without breaking his stride .
“ We need to get somewhere secure . ”
Her mother nodded .
“ Of course . ” “ I can walk , ” Beth said .
“ No , you ca n't , ” Alex said , his voice like steel .
“ You 're in shock , Beth .
It 's going to be a while before you can do anything . ”
His arms tightened around her as he carried her the rest of the way through the garden .
Her mother never let go of her hand .
If she was going to die today , at least she would n’t be alone .


* * *


Alex stopped short as he stepped through the hotel door .
The chaos from outside had spilled into the lobby , but the crowd stopped jostling and talking the moment he and Beth came into view .
Alex hesitated .
Anyone could be waiting in the crowd with gun in hand to finish the job .
He took a right instead and headed toward the lounge , kicking the glass doors closed behind him .
It was n't much protection , but he 'd take what he could get .
He carried Beth to a loveseat against the far wall and laid her down on it .
It was early enough in the day that the only other person in there was one very confused bartender prepping for the reception .
He ’d known something like this was likely to happen , and he was still shaken all the way to his core . Mrs . Bradley came running into the room .
“ I need you to do me a favor , ” he told her .
“ I need you to go out there and find a man named John Ryman .
I need you to tell him where we are . ”
He gave her John ’s description , and she nodded .
But he saw all his own fears reflected in her wide eyes .
“ I do n’t want to leave her , ” she whispered .
“ I understand . ”
And , dear God , he did .
“ But we need to get her to a hospital , and John is the only one I trust to make that happen . ”
Alex knew that this woman had no reason to trust him .
She had no idea who he really was , or what role he played in her daughter ’s life .
But she did n’t yell , or demand answers .
She just looked over his shoulder at Beth .
“ It ’s okay , Mom .
Do what Alex says .
He ’s here to help , ” Beth said in a small voice .
“ Alex ?
I thought his name was Charlie , ” Mrs . Bradley said .
“ I ’ll explain everything later , Mom .
I promise . ”
Mrs . Bradley nodded and gave Beth one long last look before turning for the door .
Alex slid a table in front of the doors as they closed behind her , blocking the way .
It was n’t much protection , but it was the best he could do .
Beth struggled to sit up as he brought her a glass of water .
Her hands were shaking so badly she could n’t take the cup .
He got down on one knee by her side and held it for her .
Her breath was coming easier now , and her face regaining its color , but not enough to calm him completely .
She tried to smile , but it did n’t reach her eyes .
“ I guess you won the bet , ” she said , her voice little more than a hoarse whisper .
She cleared her throat and tried again .
“ Looks like I ’ m not going to die today . ”
She drew in a deep breath and winced .
The impact from the bullet had been enough to bruise the hell out of her ribs .
They might even be broken .
And there was no telling what other injuries she might have .
He had to get her to the hospital as soon as possible .
But first he was going to have to wait for John 's team to clear out the area .
He would n’t be taking any more chances with her life .
Never again .
Alex pushed back her hair and laid a gentle kiss on her forehead .
At least he meant it to be gentle , but there were too many emotions warring inside his chest — fear , relief , guilt — and he might have pressed a little harder than he intended .
“ That 's not funny , ” he whispered against her ear .
“ Come on , ” she said again .
With every breath he could see her getting stronger .
“ It was a little funny . ”
He smiled despite himself .
She was starting to sound like herself again .
It was a good sign .
It meant that the worst of the shock was starting to fade .
She tried to sit up , but he placed a hand on her shoulder .
“ You need to lie down . ” “ But I ' m feeling better , I swear . ” “ It 's just the adrenaline .
You 're going to be twice as shaky when it fades . ”
She gave him a glare before slumping back down against the cushions .
“ Okay . ” “ Anyway , there 's nowhere to go .
Not until John gets here . ”
He knelt at her side , stroked her hair back , and stared into her eyes .
“ Is something wrong ? ”
Beth asked after a minute of silence .
“ Not anymore . ” “ But your hand is shaking , ” Beth said .
She ’d never sounded so surprised .
He laughed a little .
“ Of course , it is .
For a minute there I thought that I 'd lost the woman I love . ”
Beth 's eyes widened .
“ Love ?
You love me ? ” “ Madly , ” he said .
Now she was the one that was shaking .
“ So you 're not leaving after all of this is over with ? ” she asked .
“ I ca n't promise that , ” he said .
“ But if I have to go , I 'd like you to come with me . ” “ I 'd like that too . ”
Her voice was n't so little anymore .
He pressed his lips to hers , but had to break the kiss a moment later when there was a hard rap on the glass door .
John was standing on the other side .
He did n’t look too happy .
A small crowd of onlookers peeked around him .
Alex slid the table away and let him in .
“ We lost him , ” John wasted no time saying .
“ There 's no trace of the shooter . ” “ How could that happen ? ”
Alex demanded .
“ You said you had every inch of these grounds covered . ” “ I thought we did .
Your guy found the only place that we did n't . ”
Alex cursed and hit the table in front of him .
He did n’t want to tell Beth that they 'd failed .
That she 'd taken a shot to the chest for nothing .
That she was still in danger .
“ The only good news is there 's no sign of anyone leaving .
If he 's still here , we 'll catch him , ” John insisted .
Alex did n't want to hear it .
He was done with promises .
He would catch this son - of - a - bitch on his own if he had to .
Then he would gut him .
Simple as that .
Alex had only taken a single step when the sound of an opening door caught his attention .
The side door that led to the service hallway swung open .
He had n't secured it .
He 'd forgotten all about it .
Salvatore Munoz leaned out from the hallway .
Alex had barely curled his fingers around the gun at his waist when the shot was fired .
Munoz ducked back behind the door .
Alex pulled his weapon and wasted no time returning fire .
John was right behind him .
They dove behind a table .
Beth shrieked at the sounds of the shots .
The crowd outside the glass doors scattered .
Pandemonium exploded in the hallway as people tumbled over themselves to get to safety .
Alex looked over his shoulder at Beth .
“ You have to get out of here , ” he shouted .
“ Go to the room .
Get my gun out of the closet and shoot anyone who comes to the door who is n't me .
John and I will cover you . ”
Beth struggled to stand .
Her legs were still wobbly , but she managed .
Alex and John both unloaded their clips as she ran for the door .
She fumbled with the lock , but made it out .
He prayed to God that he ’d made the right decision .


* * *


Beth stumbled into the lobby .
Her legs felt like rubber bands beneath her , but there was enough adrenaline running through her system to keep her upright .
The lobby was mostly empty .
There were still a few people huddled around the far door , some pushing and shoving to get out , others trying to sneak one last look .
She did n’t recognize anyone .
Good , that meant that everyone she cared about was far away and out of danger .
Beth tried the door to the stairs but it would n’t budge .
Crap .
Somebody had probably panicked and locked it as they went in there for cover .
Beth went to the elevator and pressed the button .
Miracle of miracles , the doors opened immediately .
She stepped inside .
She drew in a deep breath , her first since she ’d been shot .
She was letting it out when she realized that someone had slipped in behind her just before the elevator doors slid closed .
Beth spun around and came face to face with the man who wanted to kill her .


Chapter 14


“ Hello , Miss Bradley , ” he said .
The sound of his calm , measured voice chilled her down to the bone .
“ My congratulations .
You 've turned out to be a very hard woman to kill . ”
Oh God , she was going to die .
She made a little whimpering sound .
Fear held her paralyzed .
She tried to beg for her life , but nothing came out .
Not that it would have mattered .
This man was n’t the kind who could be swayed by words .
He held a big black gun in his hand , and it was pointed at her .
Not at her chest this time .
Of course not .
This time the gun was aimed straight at her head .
He pressed the button for the top floor , and the elevator started to rise .
“ You understand that I have to make sure the job is done right this time .
Nothing personal . ”
Beth closed her eyes tight .
In just a few seconds , her brains were going to paint the wall behind her .
This stranger was going to kill her just because she had wandered into the wrong place at the wrong time .
Just when she had finally figured out what she wanted in life .
Just as she 'd found love .
It was n't fair .
Beth opened her eyes .
No , it was n't fair .
It was wrong .
And she was n't going to let it happen .
Not without a fight .
The man waited until they were between floors before leaning back and pulling the emergency stop button .
The old elevator lurched awkwardly .
The man tilted off balance .
And Beth saw her opportunity .
She threw herself at the man .
Her body hit him full force , and he stumbled backward .
His head hit hard against the wall , but he held fast to the gun .
He stumbled , lashing out with his fist .
The punch landed hard against Beth ’s face , and the metallic tang of blood filled her mouth .
She was going to have to find something to fight with or this was going to be one short battle .
The man outweighed her by a good fifty pounds , and he had a gun .
She went for the only thing she could find in the confined space .
The fire extinguisher .
She swung it against him just as he recovered enough to take aim at her .
The gun went off .
Searing pain tore through her left arm .
The florescent bulb behind her exploded , plunging the elevator into darkness for a fraction of a second before the emergency lights came to life .
A surreal red glow filled the elevator .
The man swore in pain and grasped his wrist with his free hand .
Beth did n't waste any time .
She swung again .
And again .
The gun fell to the floor .
So did the man .
She swung again and heard a bone crack .
Once more , and his eyes rolled up into his head .
A long groan came from his lips .
Beth dropped the fire extinguisher and picked up the gun .
She positioned herself in the corner , propping her back up against the wall and holding the gun in front of her with both hands .
Blood streamed down her arm and onto the barrel before dripping to the floor .
She 'd been shot .
The pain was almost unbearable .
She had to get to help or she was going to collapse right alongside her attacker .
She managed to push the emergency stop button back in with her good hand , then the lobby button .
The elevator slowly made its way back down to the ground floor .
It only took twenty - three seconds for the elevator to reach the lobby and the doors to open .
Beth counted every single one of them .
Alex was standing there when they arrived .
He stared down at the bloody and limp body on the floor , and then up at her .
Relief washed over his face .
His arms were around her in a heartbeat .
Only then did she drop the gun .
She slumped in his arms as her legs gave out .
“ That 's him , ” she said , through the tears and blood that covered her face .
“ That 's the guy . ”
John entered the elevator as Alex carried her out .
He gave her an appreciative nod as she went by .
“ You 're wounded , ” Alex said .
He called out for help before sitting her down just outside of the elevator .
“ You should see the other guy , ” she said .
Alex managed a shaky smile .
He grasped her face between his hands and kissed her just as the EMTs arrived .
They tried to get Alex to move away as they treated her and got her up on a gurney , but he refused to leave her side .
Not even for a second .
Not as they wheeled her from the hotel .
Not as they put her in the ambulance .
It was n't until she had to go into surgery that he finally let go of her hand .
“ You 're going to be fine , ” he said , kissing her on the forehead before letting the medical team push her through the double doors .
“ I 'll be here waiting for you . ”


* * *


“ You ’ve got to tell these people to stop , Isobel .
I do n’t think this room can take another bouquet , ” Beth said , as Isobel tried to fit another vase of flowers on the crowded bedside table .
Her hospital room was quite a bit smaller than the suite at the Kensington Hotel , but it was n't bad .
There was a window that looked out over the six - story concrete parking structure .
And she could tell time by listening to the sounds of the buses and commuter trains passing by .
Flowers had started flooding in the day after she ’d been admitted , right around the time the story hit the news .
Well , not every detail made the news .
It turned out that the CIA was n't too keen on sharing the bit about its treasonous agent .
They mostly kept to the part about the bringing down of Salvatore Munoz and stopping a future attack on the oil reserves , and how a citizen who was critical to the whole mission was injured in the attack .
It all played very nicely on the six o' clock news .
The flowers appeared after that .
There had n't been enough room in her cramped hospital room for all of them .
So Beth had shared the bouquets with the nurses and all the other patients on the floor .
“ You try stopping them , ” Isobel said .
“ These are from my Aunt Maritza . ”
Beth tried not to laugh , and not just because she had three badly bruised ribs , a busted lip and a bullet hole that went clean through her left arm .
She knew she could n't change people .
She was n't even sure that she wanted to anymore .
“ Look , Isobel .
I know words are n't going to be enough , but I ' m so sorry that I ruined your wedding . ”
Isobel picked up Beth 's hand .
“ You did n’t ruin anything .
My uncle was the one who did that .
I should be the one apologizing to you for what my family did to you . ” “ It 's not your fault .
I wanted to tell you , but I could n't . ”
Isobel nodded .
“ I understand .
And it 's okay .
Jordan and I picked a new date . ”
Beth 's face lit up .
“ When ? ” “ Next Friday .
We 've settled on a nice civil ceremony down at the courthouse . ”
Beth 's face fell .
“ I ' m sorry . ” “ Do n't be , ” Isobel said .
A huge smile lit up her face .
“ Do you have any idea how well armed courthouses are ? ”
Beth winced as she laughed again .
“ You look tired , Beth .
I ' m thinking I better go and let you rest . ”
Isobel turned to leave , but before she did she turned and looked at Alex .
“ So . . .Alex , right ? ” “ Right , ” he said .
“ I guess that you 're not a gigolo then ? ”
He chuckled and shook his head .
“ I guess not . ” “ That means I owe you an apology , ” Isobel said .
“ It 's not necessary . ” “ I ' m thinking that it is , ” Isobel said .
“ But what I said still stands .
Do n't you dare hurt her . ” “ I have no plans to , ” he said , and tightened his grasp on Beth 's hand .
“ Good .
Because you do n't scare me , Mr . CIA Agent .
I 'll still come after you , whoever you are . ” “ Yes , ma ' am , ” Alex said with a laugh .
Beth turned to Alex once Isobel was gone .
“ You do n't have to sleep in that chair again tonight .
The doctors say I ' m doing much better . ”
He shook his head .
“ I ' m not here because I have to be , Beth .
I want to be with you .
I love you . ”
Her heart swelled .
Those simple words did more to heal her than any doctor 's medicine .
“ Yeah , but you could get yourself a good night 's sleep in a real bed . ” “ I do n't need a bed , ” he said .
“ I need you .
How many times do I have to tell you before it gets through ?
I ' m not leaving .
Not now .
Not ever . ”
Beth was thinking that a hundred might do .
Maybe a thousand .
Maybe a lifetime ’s worth . < < < < > > > > Thanks for reading The Wedding Trap !


Want more ?


Sign up for my newsletter and you ’ll be the first to know about new releases .


Keep Reading !


Check out the second book in the Second Service Trilogy : The Agent Next Door ( Keep reading for a sneak peek of Chapter One below )


Recommend it .


Leave a review .
Tell your friends .
Heck , tell the world .
I wo n’t mind .


Lend it .


This ebook is lending - enabled , so feel free to share it with your friends !


About The Author


Adrienne Bell has lived her entire life in Northern California .
She now resides on the far edge of the San Francisco Bay Area with her husband and kids .
You can follow the minutia of her life on Twitter , or see the pictures she likes to share on Facebook , or check out the exciting topics that she decides to dedicate a few hundred words to on her blog .
Oh , and she thanks you for reading .


Excerpt from The Agent Next Door by Adrienne Bell


Book Two in The Second Service Trilogy


Chapter 1


“ It looks like Number Thirty - two is finally moving in .
There ’s a truck in the driveway and a moving van pulling up now . ”
Erin Holliday lifted her head from the flower pot in front of her and looked up at Marianne Wilson .
Her octogenarian neighbor was up on her tiptoes , doing her best to peer over the five - foot high boxwood shrub that edged Erin ’s porch … and failing .
Marianne teetered to one side , and dug her hands deep into the leafy top to keep her balance .
Erin winced at the sight of all the shiny new leaves being crushed in her friend ’s tiny , though by no means frail , hands , but she did n’t say a word .
She could bear to sacrifice a few branches for the sake of keeping Marianne upright .
Not that her protests would have mattered anyway .
If Marianne had made up her mind to spy on the new neighbors moving in across their shallow cul - de - sac , then nothing Erin could say was going to stop her .
At least this way she was at least partially shielded from sight .
“ I was wondering when that was going to happen , ” Erin said , turning her attention back to the pot of orange and yellow Gerbera daisies in the center of her crossed legs .
She pushed down the top of the soil , moulding it into place .
“ It ’s been empty for weeks . ” “ Almost two months , ” Marianne corrected her .
Erin did n’t doubt her accounting .
Marianne could probably tell her the exact date the house had sold .
Erin looked up at the grating sound of her weathered wrought iron bench being dragged from the corner by her front door .
Ivy tendrils that had long ago wrapped around the scroll work arms snapped as they were torn from the wall .
“ Marianne ! ” “ What ? ” her friend said without lifting her head .
“ Would you rather I climb up on this ridiculous bush .
I do n’t even know why you planted the damned thing here .
You ca n’t see a thing over it . ”
Exactly .
“ I like the privacy , ” Erin said .
Marianne harrumphed loudly as if that were the most ridiculous thing that she had ever heard .
Erin watched as Marianne hoisted herself up on her new perch .
Her head and shoulders showed high above the flat top of the shrub .
She twisted around and gave Erin a victorious grin .
Great .
There would be no talking Marianne down from there now , not when there was juicy gossip to be had .
And in this neighborhood , a new face was about as juicy as things got .
Fortunately , that was how Erin liked it , but she had a feeling that Marianne was always hoping that something a little more exciting would happen .
But it never did .
Not in the Silicon Valley suburb of Emerald Glen , and certainly not on Shannon Court .
Every few months someone in the surrounding neighborhood would pack up and a new family would move in .
For the most part , Erin liked her neighbors , steady wage workers for the surrounding tech companies and their families .
They were polite people , calm and quiet , just waiting to move up in the world .
“ Do you know who is moving in ? ”
Erin asked , hoping to keep Marianne occupied for a little while longer .
“ Not really .
The Goldmans did n’t have much information about the people who bought the house from them , ” Marianne said .
Erin smiled as she pulled her spade from the bag of soil at her side .
So there was a limit to the woman 's gossiping powers .
“ I wonder why it took them so long to move in . ”
“ We ’ll find out soon enough .
The movers are opening up the back of the van now . ”
Marianne ’s voice went up an octave , her excitement shining through .
It was turning out to be a lovely summer Saturday .
Erin had a new batch of flowers to replace those that had withered in last week ’s sweltering heat wave .
The sound of kids playing somewhere in the neighborhood drifted across the courtyard .
Later , the Michalsons were going to have a barbecue , but she had plenty of time before then to finish up all her yard work .
Even the weather was obeying .
It was warm but bearable in the dappled shade of her wood - planked porch .
All in all , it was a perfect day to sit out and listen as Marianne babbled on about the shape and size of every box and piece of furniture as it was hauled from the moving truck .
“ It 's not a very big van , ” Marianne started .
Erin gave a generic sound of interest , as she pulled a cluster of impatiens from the plastic container .
“ Certainly not big enough to fill that whole house .
I hope there ’s another one on the way , because that dinky van ca n’t possibly have — ” Erin lifted her head .
Nothing ever shut Marianne up .
Nothing .
But there she was , her palm clasped over her mouth .
“ Oh , my , ” Marianne whispered between her fingers after a moment had passed .
Erin put the pot down by her side .
“ What is it ? ” “ Oh , my . ”
Marianne repeated .
“ What ?
What ? ”
Erin uncrossed her legs , grabbed onto one of the rungs of the ivy - covered trellis at her side and hoisted herself off the ground .
She cursed under her breath as she rose .
She 'd been sitting there so long that her foot had fallen asleep .
The second she put her weight on it , electric pinpricks shot up her leg .
She hobbled over to the bench as best she could .
Erin peered across the street , expecting to see a Swarovski chandelier , or a collection of dungeon equipment , or a live donkey — anything that would merit such a stunned reaction .
But there was nothing .
“ What is it ? ”
Marianne shook her head .
“ Not a what , a who . ” “ Huh ? ” “ Are you blind ?
Check out your new neighbor . ”
Marianne held out a boney finger in the direction of a man walking down the path .
Erin ’s jaw fell open .
Oh , Lord .
That could n't be her new neighbor .
It just could n't .
He was big , wide at the shoulders with arms that stretched the limits of his plain grey T - shirt .
His jeans fit his muscular legs perfectly .
His hair was dark and military short .
His features were as large and strong as the rest of him .
“ He 's a handsome devil , is n't he ? ”
Marianne said as he strode purposely from his front door to the edge of his drive .
As much as Erin hated to admit it , Marianne was right , especially about the devil part .
The stranger across the street was unnaturally good - looking , and there was n’t any use in pretending otherwise .
Not that it mattered .
One look , and Erin could tell that he was trouble .
She saw it in the strong line of his shoulders , the confident cock of his head , his steady , unworried gait — this was a man that was used to being in control .
The kind that always got his way .
The kind she ’d spent the last twenty years of her life trying to avoid .
So why could n’t she turn away ?
It was almost as if the man demanded attention .
An electric tingle started down Erin ’s spine , radiating clear down to her fingertips and toes .
The sizzles ?
Erin shook her head , desperate to clear it .
This guy could n’t give her the sizzles .
She would n’t allow it .
He came to a stop at the edge of his wide green lawn , looking over Shannon Court .
Just before his gaze reached her house , Erin ducked down on the bench below .
“ Are you all right ? ”
Marianne asked .
“ Just fine , ” Erin said .
Marianne must not have been too concerned .
She turned immediately back toward the street .
She raised her arm above her head and waived in a wide arch .
“ Quit it , Marianne .
He 's going to see you , ” she said .
“ I certainly hope so . ”
Marianne ’s eyes lit up .
The crinkles that surrounded them lifted .
Damn .
Erin should have known better than to put ideas in her friend ’s head .
Marianne started to jump up and down on the bench .
“ Yoo - hoo !
Number Thirty - two ! ” “ Stop it .
You 're going to fall . ”
The last thing she needed was for Marianne to break a leg in her exuberance .
Marianne shot her a sour look .
“ Well , you 're no fun today .
I do n't see why you care .
If you 're not going to stake your claim on him , then I ' m going to try . ” “ Seriously , Marianne .
Quit it .
He does n't look like the kind of man that you want to mess with . ” “ Speak for yourself , doll .
That man is exactly the kind I ’d like to mess around with . ”
Erin hung her head .
Why did she even try ?
“ Oh !
He 's looking this way . ”
Marianne 's voice went an octave higher .
“ Ca n’t imagine why , ” Erin muttered .
“ That 's right !
Over here . ”
Marianne smiled down at her .
“ He ’s coming over . ”
Of course he was .
Erin sunk down from the bench to the floor and started to scoot over to the corner of the porch .
“ What in the world are you doing ? ” “ Nothing .
Just getting back to work , ” Erin said , wedging herself as deep as she could into the shadows of the ivy - covered trellis .
Marianne ’s brows pulled together in a tight V .
She slowly shook her head .
“ Sometimes I worry about you , child . ”
She did n’t have to worry for long .
A second later , a deep voice sounded from the edge of the boxwood .
“ Hello . ”
The knot that had formed in Erin 's chest clenched tighter around her heart .
His voice sounded just like she 'd imagined it would .
Strong and unflappable .
Unbidden adrenaline rushed through her body .
She did her best to still the shaking that crept into her hands , but it was hard .
They refused to stop trembling .
She had to get a grip .
It was too late to bolt now , and there was no way in hell she could leave Marianne alone with this guy .
There was no telling what she would do .
It was amazing that a woman with so little common sense had managed to make it to eighty - two .
“ Hi there , neighbor , ” Marianne said , as a shadow fell over the fence and on to her patio .
Erin leaned back a little farther in the shelter of the ivy .
“ I ' m Marianne Wilson . ” “ John Ryman . ”
His voice was steady and low .
“ We were wondering when we were ever going to see you . ” “ We ? ” “ Erin and I . Erin 's the one hiding in the ivy . ”
The breath stopped in Erin 's throat .
Once she got it back , she leaned out a few inches , and tried to laugh .
The sound came out high and tinny , every bit as desperate as she felt .
“ I ' m not hiding , ” she said .
“ I ’ m gardening . ”
She risked a glance up in the man 's direction .
His expression gave nothing away .
If he thought it was strange that she appeared from a shroud of ivy , he did n't show it .
His lack of reaction only made her feel worse .
He was in control .
She was n’t .
He did n’t help her nervousness by looking away .
His eyes stayed on her a few seconds longer than they should have .
It should n’t have surprised her .
She probably would have stared too .
She had to look like a hot mess in these ragged , dirty clothes and her hair poking out from under the edges of a ball cap .
But , really , who dressed up to garden ?
Then again who hid in trellises when strange , large men walked by ?
Crazy people , that ’s who .
“ Hi , ” she said , cursing her shaky voice .
“ Hello , ” he said , before finally turning back to Marianne .
“ Is this your granddaughter ? ”
Marianne barked out a high laugh .
“ Erin ?
Oh , heavens no . ”
“ We 're neighbors , ” Erin said , shaking her head furiously .
“ This is my house .
Marianne lives across the way on Fairview . ” “ Alone . . . ”
Her friend added , batting her eyelashes .
Erin nudged Marianne in the side with her elbow .
The woman did n’t even flinch .
“ That 's a mighty small moving truck you ’ve got there , ” Marianne plowed on .
John nodded .
“ My last place was an apartment . ” “ Ah . . .moving up in the world ? ”
He paused .
“ Something like that . ” “ That 's nice , ” Marianne said , as if her approval mattered .
“ Where did you move from ? ” “ Oakland . ” “ So I take it you 're a single fella . ” “ I am . ” “ Marianne . . . ”
Erin ’s cheeks burned .
“ What ? ”
Marianne snipped at her .
“ How else am I supposed to get to know my neighbors ?
You want answers ; you ask questions .
Is n’t that right , Mr . Ryman ? ” “ Sounds right . ”
A hint of a grin played at the corner of his mouth .
Erin would have missed it if she had n't been looking right at him .
It barely flickered there for a fraction of a second before it was gone , replaced by the same implacable expression that she found so disconcerting .
Erin drew in a deep breath and tried again .
It was obvious that trying to control what came out of Marianne 's mouth was a futile endeavor .
Her only hope was to try to get her out of the way , even if only for a few seconds .
“ I was only going to ask if you would n't mind going inside and refilling my iced tea . ” “ Ah , I get it .
You want a little time alone , ” Marianne said with a wink .
“ I knew you 'd come around . ”
Erin exhaled slowly , and looked down at the pavement .
Even though she was mortified , she should be thanking the old lady .
Her outrageous words were ensuring the one thing that Erin desperately wanted — from this point forward , John Ryman would go out of his way to avoid her .
That was what she wanted , was n't it ?
Erin extended her arm so that Marianne could step down off of the bench .
“ Well , you better make your move fast , honey .
I do n't plan on being gone long . ”
Erin wore her strained smile for as long as it took for Marianne to walk through her front door .
Then she turned toward her new neighbor and gave him her most apologetic look .
“ I ’ m sorry about that , ” she said .
His chin tilted down a fraction of an inch .
“ About what ? ” “ Marianne .
She gets a little over excited sometimes .
Most times , ” Erin amended .
“ She does n't bother me , ” he said , and , strangely , he looked like he meant it .
“ Still , you might want to run while you have the chance . ” “ Why would I do that ? ”
Erin blinked .
Once .
Twice .
“ I just figured you were busy . ” “ I can stay a little longer . ”
But why on Earth did he want to ?
That was the real question .
Erin decided to risk a little honesty .
“ Because if you ’re still here when Marianne gets back , she ’s only going to take it as encouragement . ” “ I can handle your friend . ” “ Yeah , ” Erin said with a smile .
“ That ’s what everyone thinks at first . ” “ I do n't scare easy . ”
That Erin believed .
He looked like he could stare down the devil himself and win .
“ That 's because you do n't know Marianne .
She 's very … persistent . ” “ And you ? ” he asked .
“ Excuse me ? ” “ Are you the persistent type ? ”
Erin blushed as she shook her head .
A little chuckle slipped from her lips .
“ No .
I ' m more the hide - in - the - ivy type . ” “ Good to know .
I ’ll have to keep an eye out for you . ”
A brief smile flashed across his face — a real one , this time — lifting the corners of his eyes and softening all his hard edges .
Erin ’s heart started hammering against her breastbone , and this time it had nothing to do with fear .
She might have only known him for a few minutes , but she had the feeling that a smile from John Ryman was a rare thing .
Erin found herself smiling back .
She risked stepping up to the edge of her white wooden porch .
“ I guess I should introduce myself properly .
I ' m Erin Holliday . ”
She put out her hand before remembering just how dirty it was .
She pulled it back , wiped the worst of the black soil off on her jeans and tried again .
He grasped her hand without hesitation .
“ It ’s a pleasure , Erin . ”
She felt the tingles from his touch run up her arm .
Even after she slipped her hand from his , the jittery feeling inside her did n’t fade .
Erin silently cursed her body ’s traitorous attraction to him , and not just because she ’d spent the last twenty years of her life staying away from men like him .
Nurturing a crush on John Ryman was pointless .
She had a feeling there had never been a more extreme pair of opposites .
Even in jeans and a tight gray T - shirt he looked perfectly put together .
She on the other hand was struggling to keep her belly sucked in and breathe at the same time .
It was n’t a battle she was winning .
Erin gave a little nervous laugh .
“ It ’s nice to meet you too . ” “ What did I miss ? ”
Marianne 's voice sounded behind her .
A moment later she was at Erin 's side .
“ What are you laughing at ? ” “ Nothing , ” Erin said .
“ Yeah , right .
I knew I should n't have left you two alone .
I was n’t gone but a couple of minutes , and you 've already taken the opportunity to sweep Mr . Muscles here off his feet . ” “ Marianne ! ”
A sudden blush rushed into Erin 's cheeks .
Marianne , more than anyone else in the world , had to know she would never flirt with a man like her new neighbor .
And she had n’t been .
Had she ?
Marianne put the glasses of ice tea down on the table in the far corner of the patio , and sat down in the sand - colored Adirondack chair next to it .
“ I notice you ’re not rushing to contradict me , Mr . Ryman , ” Marianne said .
John shrugged , his brows rising and falling with his shoulders .
At least he was polite enough to placate an old lady .
That was in his favor .
Still she gave her friend a hard look .
“ So , did you get around to inviting your new neighbor to the barbecue ? ”
Marianne asked .
Dear God , no .
It was one thing to find that she could manage polite banter with her ridiculously hot , dangerous - looking neighbor ; it was a whole other thing to spend an entire evening with him .
Erin swiveled around .
She tried to give a subtle shake of her head , but Marianne stared right past her .
Erin knew better than to think that her friend ’s eyes were going the way of her ears .
Marianne could see just fine .
She was just ignoring her pleas .
“ A barbecue ? ”
John asked behind her .
Erin froze .
“ So Erin did n’t tell you that you picked the best day of the year to move into our little neighborhood ? ” “ It must have slipped her mind , ” he said .
That sounded like disappointment .
It sounded like it , but it could n't be .
There was no way .
“ I just had n’t gotten around to it yet . ”
Erin turned and gave him another apologetic look .
“ The Michalsons live a few houses down , and every summer they host a big backyard barbecue for the whole neighborhood .
But I ’ m sure everyone would understand if you ’re too busy with the move , or just not interested . ” “ Not interested ? ”
Marianne called out behind her .
“ What kind of man is n’t interested in a barbecue ? ” “ I like barbecues , ” he said .
She kept giving him outs and he kept refusing to take them .
Of course , she could n't force him to take her help .
“ Of course , you do , ” Marianne said , sounding pleased with herself .
“ It ’ll be nice having another single person there .
Have you ever taken two women out on a date at the same time ? ”
John slowly shook his head .
“ Not yet . ” “ Ha ! ”
Marianne laughed loud enough to scare the blackbirds from their perch in the sycamore tree in the center of Erin ’s yard .
“ Looks like it ’s your lucky day then .
We ’ll come by around seven to pick you up , ” Marianne said .
“ Sounds great , ” he said .
Erin shook her head , and leaned toward him .
“ I do n't know what you ’re thinking , but she only gets worse with encouragement , ” she whispered .
“ I 'll take my chances . ” “ Do n't say I did n't warn you . ”
Another smile pulled at the corner of his mouth .
Erin ’s eyes were drawn to it immediately .
Familiar warning bells rang in her head .
What the hell was she doing ?
“ You ’d better go pay attention to those movers , ” Marianne called out behind them .
“ I hear they like to swipe stuff while the owner is n't looking , and , going by the size of that truck , you did n’t have much to start with . ”
John raised his hand toward Marianne , and , after giving Erin a nod of his head , turned and strode across the street .
He did n't look back .
Not once .
Leaving Erin to wonder how what had seemed like a perfectly normal day had so quickly been turned on its head .





HOSTILE WITNESS A Josie Bates Thriller ~ Book 1 ~ By REBECCA FORSTER For Steve Smashwords Edition © 2010 All rights reserved Cover design by True Blue Media Published 2004 by Signet Fiction All rights reserved .
This e - book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
This e - book may not be re - sold or given away to other people .
If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person .
If you are reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to the vendor and purchase your own copy .
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .


Contents Prologue CHAPTER 1 CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 6 CHAPTER 7 CHAPTER 8 CHAPTER 9 CHAPTER 10 CHAPTER 11 CHAPTER 12 CHAPTER 13 CHAPTER 14 CHAPTER 15 CHAPTER 16 CHAPTER 17 CHAPTER 18 CHAPTER 19 CHAPTER 20 CHAPTER 21 CHAPTER 22 CHAPTER 23 CHAPTER 24 CHAPTER 25 CHAPTER 26 CHAPTER 27 CHAPTER 28 CHAPTER 29 CHAPTER 30 CHAPTER 31 CHAPTER 32 CHAPTER 33 CHAPTER 34 CHAPTER 35 CHAPTER 36 CHAPTER 37 CHAPTER 38 CHAPTER 39 CHAPTER 40 Silent Witness excerpt Thrillers by Rebecca Forster


Prologue Today California buried Supreme Court Justice , Fritz Rayburn .
Governor Joe Davidson delivered the eulogy calling the judge a friend , a confidant , and his brother in service to the great state of California .
The governor cited Fritz Rayburn as a man of extraordinary integrity who relentlessly pursued justice , continually uplifted those in need and , above all , protected those who were powerless .
It was a week ago today that Judge Rayburn died in a fire that swept through his Pacific Palisades home in the early morning hours .
No formal announcement has been made regarding who will be appointed to fill Justice Rayburn 's position , but it is speculated that Governor Davidson will appoint Rayburn 's son , Kip , to this pivotal seat on the California Supreme Court .
KABC News at 9 O' clock


CHAPTER 1 " Strip . "
" No . " Hannah kept her eyes forward , trained on two rows of rusted showerheads stuck in facing walls .
Sixteen in all .
The room was paved with white tile , chipped and discolored by age and use .
Ceiling .
Floor .
Walls .
All sluiced with disinfectant .
Soiled twice a day by filth and fear .
The fluorescent lights cast a yellow shadow over everything .
The air was wet .
The shower room smelled of mold and misery .
It echoed with the cries of lost souls .
Hannah had come in with a bus full of women .
She had a name , now she was a number .
The others were taking off their clothes .
Their bodies were ugly , their faces worn .
They flaunted their ugliness as if it were a cruel joke , not on them but on those who watched .
Hannah was everything they were not .
Beautiful .
Young .
She would n't stand naked in this room with these women .
She blinked and wrapped her arms around herself .
Her breath came short .
A step back and she fooled herself that it was possible to turn and leave .
Behind her Hannah thought she heard the guard laugh .
" Take it off , Sheraton , or I 'll do it for you . "
Hannah tensed , hating to be ordered .
She kept her eyes forward .
She had already learned to do that .
" There 's a man back there .
I saw him , " she said .
" We 're an equal opportunity employer , sweetie , " the woman drawled .
" If women can guard male prisoners then men can guard the women .
Now , who 's it going to be ?
Me or him ? "
The guard touched her .
Hannah shrank away .
Her head went up and down , the slightest movement , the only way she could control her dread .
She counted the number of times her chin went up .
Ten counts .
Her shirt was off .
Her chin went down .
Ten more counts and she dropped the jeans that had cost a fortune .
" All of it , baby cakes , " the guard prodded .
Hannah closed her eyes .
The thong .
White lace .
That was the last .
Quickly she stepped under a showerhead and closed her eyes .
A tear seeped from beneath her lashes only to be washed away by a sudden , hard , stinging spray of water .
Her head jerked back as if she 'd been slapped then Hannah lost herself in the wet and warm .
She turned her face up , kept her arms closed over her breasts , pretended the sheet of water hid her like a cloak .
As suddenly as it had been turned on the water went off .
She had hidden from nothing .
The ugly women were looking back , looking her over .
Hannah went from focus to fade , drying off with the small towel , pulling on the too - big jumpsuit .
She was drowning in it , tripping over it .
Her clothes – her beautiful clothes – were gone .
She did n't ask where .
The other women talked and moved as if they had been in this place so often it felt like home .
Hannah was cut from the pack and herded down the hall , hurried past big rooms with glass walls and cots lined up military style .
She slid her eyes toward them .
Each was occupied .
Some women slept under blankets , oblivious to their surroundings .
Others were shadows that rose up like specters , propping themselves on an elbow , silently watching Hannah pass .
Clutching her bedding , Hannah put one foot in front of the other , eyes down , counting her steps so she would n't be tempted to look at all those women .
There were too many steps .
Hannah lost track and began again .
One .
Two . . .
" Here . "
A word stopped her .
The guard rounded wide to the right as if Hannah was dangerous .
That was a joke .
She could n't hurt anyone – not really .
The woman pushed open a door .
The cock of her head said this was Hannah 's place .
A room , six by eight .
A metal - framed bed and stained mattress .
A metal toilet without a lid .
A metal sink .
No mirror .
Hannah hugged her bedding tighter and twirled around just as the woman put her hands on the door to close it .
" Wait !
You have to let me call my mom .
Take me to a phone right now so I can check on her . "
Hannah talked in staccato .
A water droplet fell from her hair and hit her chest .
It coursed down her bare skin and made her shiver .
It was so cold .
This was all so cold and so awful .
The guard was unmoved .
" Bed down , Sheraton , " she said flatly .
Hannah took another step .
" I told you I just want to check on her .
Just let me check on her .
I wo n't talk long . "
" And I told you to bed down . "
The guard stepped out .
The door was closing .
Hannah was about to call again when the woman in blue with the thick wooden club on her belt decided to give her a piece of advice .
" I would n't count on any favors , Sheraton .
Judge Rayburn was one of us , if you get my meaning .
It wo n't matter if you 're here or anywhere else .
Everyone will know who you are .
Now make your bed up . "
The door closed .
Hannah hiccoughed a sob as she spread her sheet on the thin mattress .
She tucked it under only to pull it out over and over again .
Finally satisfied she put the blanket on , lay down and listened .
The sound of slow footsteps echoed through the complex .
Someone was crying .
Another woman shouted .
She shouted again and then she screamed .
Hannah stayed quiet , barely breathing .
They had taken away her clothes .
They had touched her where no one had ever touched her before .
They had moved her , stopped her , pointed and ordered her , but at this point Hannah could n't remember who had done any of those things .
Everyone who was n't dressed in orange was dressed in blue .
The blue people had guns and belts filled with bullets and clubs that they caressed as if they were treasured pets .
These people seemed at once bored with their duty and thrilled with their power .
They hated Hannah and she did n't even know their names .
Hannah wanted her mother .
She wanted to be in her room .
She wanted to be anywhere but here .
Hannah even wished Fritz would n't be dead if that would get her home .
She was going crazy .
Maybe she was there already .
Hannah got up .
She looked at the floor and made a plan .
She would ask to call her mother again .
She would ask politely because the way she said it before did n't get her anything .
Hannah went to the door of her – cell .
A hard enough word to think , she doubted she could ever say it .
She went to the door and put her hands against it .
It was cold , too .
Metal .
There was a window in the center .
Flat white light slid through it .
Hannah raised her fist and tapped the glass .
Once , twice , three , ten times .
Someone would hear .
Fifteen .
Twenty .
Someone would come and she would tell them she did n't just want to check on her mother ; she would tell them she needed to do that .
This time she would say please .
Suddenly something hit up against the glass .
Hannah fell back .
Stumbling over the cot , she landed near the toilette in the corner .
This was n't her room in the Palisades .
This was a small , cramped place .
Hannah clutched at the rough blanket and pulled it off the bed as she sank to the floor .
Her heart beat wildly .
Huddled in the dark corner , she could almost feel her eyes glowing like some nocturnal animal .
She was transfixed by what she saw .
A man was looking in , staring at her as if she were nothing .
Oh God , he could see her even in the dark .
Hannah pulled her knees up to her chest and peeked from behind them at the man who watched .
His skin was pasty , his eyes plain .
A red birthmark spilled across his right temple and half his eyelid until it seeped into the corner of his nose .
He raised his stick , black and blunt , and tapped on the glass .
He pointed toward the bed .
She would do what he wanted .
Hannah opened her mouth to scream at him .
Instead , she crawled up on to the cot .
Her feet were still on the floor .
The blanket was pulled over her chest and up into her chin .
The guard looked at her – all of her .
He did n't see many like this .
So young .
So pretty .
He stared at Hannah as if he owned her .
Voices were raised somewhere else .
The man did n't seem to notice .
He just looked at Hannah until she yelled ' go away ' and threw the small , hard pillow at him .
He did n't even laugh at that ridiculous gesture .
He just disappeared .
When Hannah was sure he was gone she began to pace .
Holding her right hand in her left she walked up and down her cell and counted the minutes until her mother would come to get her .
Counting .
Counting .
Counting again .
* * * Behind the darkened windows of the Lexus , the woman checked her rearview mirror .
Damn freeways .
It was nine - friggin ' - o' clock at night and she still had to slalom around a steady stream of cars .
She stepped on the gas – half out of her mind with worry .
One hundred .
Hannah should be with her .
One hundred and ten .
Hannah must be terrified .
The Lexus shimmied under the strain of the speed .
She let up and dropped to ninety five .
They would n't even let her see her daughter .
She did n't have a chance to tell Hannah not to talk to anyone .
But Hannah was smart .
She 'd wait for help .
Would n't she be smart ?
Oh , God , Hannah .
Please , please be smart .
Ahead a pod of cars pooled as they approached Martin Luther King Boulevard .
Crazily she thought they looked like a pin setup at the bowling alley .
Not that she visited bowling alleys anymore but she made the connection .
It would be so easy to end it all right here – just keep going like a bowling ball and take ' em all down in one fabulous strike .
It sure as hell would solve all her problems .
Maybe even Hannah would be better off .
Then again , the people in those cars might not want to end theirs so definitely .
Never one to like collateral damage if she could avoid it , the woman went for the gutter , swinging onto the shoulder of the freeway , narrowly missing the concrete divider that kept her from veering into oncoming traffic .
She was clear again , leaving terror in her wake , flying toward her destination .
The Lexus transitioned to the 105 .
It was clear sailing all the way to Imperial Highway where the freeway came to an abrupt end , spitting her out onto a wide intersection before she was ready .
The tires squealed amid the acrid smell of burning rubber .
The Lexus shivered , the rear end fishtailing as she fought for control .
Finally , the car came to a stop , angled across two lanes .
The woman breathed hard .
She sniffled and blinked and listened to her heartbeat .
She had n't realized how fast she 'd been going until just this minute .
Her head whipped around .
No traffic .
A dead spot in the maze of LA freeways , surface streets , transitions and exits .
Her hands were fused to the steering wheel .
Thank God .
No cops .
Cops were the last thing she wanted to see tonight ; the last people she ever wanted to see .
Suddenly her phone rang .
She jumped and scrambled , forgetting where she had put it .
Her purse ?
The console ?
The console .
She ripped it open and punched the button to stop the happy little song that usually signaled a call from her hairdresser , an invitation to lunch .
" What ? "
" This is Lexus Link checking to see if you need assistance . "
" What ? "
" Are you all right , ma ' am ?
Our tracking service indicated that you had been in an accident . "
Her head fell onto the steering wheel ; the phone was still at her ear .
She almost laughed .
Some minimum wage idiot was worried about her .
" No , I ' m fine .
Everything 's fine , " she whispered and turned off the phone .
Her arm fell to her side .
The phone fell to the floor .
A few minutes later she sat up and pushed back her hair .
She 'd been through tough times before .
Everything would be fine if she just kept her wits about her and got where she was going .
Taking a deep breath she put both hands back on the wheel .
She 'd damn well finish what she started the way she always did .
As long as Hannah was smart they 'd all be okay .
Easing her foot off the brake she pulled the Lexus around until she was in the right lane and started to drive .
She had the address , now all she had to do was to find friggin ' Hermosa Beach .
* * * " For God 's sake , Josie , he 's a weenie - wagger and that 's all there is to it .
I do n't know why you keep coming in here with the same old crap for a defense .
Want some ? "
Judge Crawford pushed the pizza box her way .
It was almost nine o' clock and they had managed to work out the details on the judge 's sponsorship at the Surf Festival , discuss a moot court for which they had volunteered , polish off most of a large pizza , and now Josie was trying to take advantage of the situation by putting in a pitch for leniency for one of her clients .
She passed on the pizza offer .
Judge Crawford took another piece .
He was a good guy , a casual guy , a local who never strayed from his beach town roots in his thirty - year legal career .
His robes were tossed on the couch behind them .
His desk served as a workstation and dining table .
In the corner was his first surfboard .
New attorneys called to chambers endured forty - five minutes of the judge reliving his moments of glory as one of the best long boarders on the coast .
Three years ago , when Josie landed in Hermosa Beach , she got the full two - hour treatment but only because she knew a thing or two about surfing from her days in Hawaii .
She 'd spent the extra hour with Judge Crawford because he knew a thing or two about volleyball .
Josie Baylor - Bates had been big at USC but when she hit the sand circuit she 'd become legendary .
Everyone wanted to best the woman who stood six feet if she was an inch , played like a professional , and won like a champion .
Few did , but they started trying the minute the summer nets went up .
Of course USC and Judge Crawford 's surfing days were both more than a few years ago , but still their beach history tied them together , made them friendly colleagues , and gave them license to be a little more informal about certain protocols – including the judge speaking his mind about Josie 's current client , Billy Zuni : the surfing - teenage - beach bum with a mischievous smile and penchant for relieving himself in city owned bushes .
" That 's a gross term , " Josie scoffed as if she 'd never heard of a weenie - wagger before .
" And it is not appropriate in this instance .
I 've got documentation from their family doctor that Billy has a physical problem .
He 's tried to use the bathrooms in the shops off the Strand , but nobody will let him in . "
" That 's because Billy seems to forget he 's supposed to lower his cutoffs after he gets into the bathroom , not before , " the judge reminded her .
" Nope , this time he 's got to stay in the pokey .
Hey , it 's Hermosa Beach 's pokey .
Five cells and they 're all empty .
Billy will have the whole place to himself .
It 's not going to kill him , and it may do him some good .
I ' m tired of that damn kid 's file coming across my desk every three months . "
" Your Honor , it 's obvious you are prejudiced against my client , " Josie objected , pushing aside the pizza box .
" Cool your jets , Josie .
What are you going to do , bring me up on charges for name calling ? "
Judge Crawford laughed heartily .
His little belly shook .
It was hard to imagine him on a long board or any other kind of board for that matter .
" Listen .
I understand that kid 's got problems .
You 're in here like clockwork swearing he 'll be supervised .
I know you check up on him .
Everyone at the beach knows that , but you ca n't do what his own mother ca n't . "
" That 's exactly the point .
Jail time wo n't mean a thing .
What if I can find someone who 'll take him for a week ?
Will you consider house arrest ? "
" With you ? "
The judge raised a brow .
" Archer , " Josie answered without reservation .
Judge Crawford chuckled .
" Not a bad idea .
Sort of like setting up boot camp in paradise .
That would make Billy sit up and take notice .
I do n't know anybody who would n't toe the line just to get Archer off their back . "
Josie touched her lips to hide a smile .
Judge Crawford steered clear of Archer after a vigorous debate on the unfortunate constitutions of judges facing re - election .
As Josie recalled , words such as wimps and sell - outs had been bandied about freely .
It was n't that Archer was wrong , it was just that the opinion was coming from a retired cop who was n't afraid of anything , who got better looking with age , and could still sit a board while the judge . . .
Well , suffice it to say the judge had been sitting the bench a little too long .
" Archer might do Billy some good , " Josie pushed for her plan .
" Or scar him for life . "
Crawford shook his head and pushed off the desk .
" Sorry , Josie .
It 's going to be forty - eight hours this time and community service .
Best I can do . "
" I 'll appeal .
There are a hundred surfers down on the beach changing from their wet suits into dry clothes every morning .
Half of them do n't even bother to drape a towel over their butts .
The only reason you catch Billy is because he 's stupid .
He thinks everybody ought to just kick back – including the cops . "
Crawford stood up , put the rest of the pizza in his little refrigerator , and plucked his windbreaker with the reflective patches off the door hook as he talked .
" That 's cute .
You still think you 're playing with the big boys downtown ?
Josie , Josie , " he chuckled .
" What 's it been ?
Three years and you still ca n't get it through your head that Billy Zuni and his little wooden monkey would n't rate the paperwork for an appeal .
Let him be .
They 'll feed him good in Hermosa . "
" Okay , so I ca n't put the fear of God into you . "
Josie shrugged and got to her feet .
" Only if you 're on the other side of volleyball net , Ms . Bates .
Only then . "
Judge Crawford ushered Josie outside with a quick gesture .
She waited on the wooden walkway as he locked up .
The Redondo Courts were made up of low - slung , whitewashed , Cape Cod style buildings with marine blue trim .
All the beach cities did business here .
It was a far cry from downtown 's imposing courthouses and city smells .
Redondo Beach Court was perched on the outskirts of King Harbor Pier where the air smelled like salt and sun .
Downtown attorneys fought holy wars , and life and death battles , while standing on marble floors inside wood paneled courtrooms .
Here , court felt like hitting the town barbershop for a chaw with the mayor .
Sometimes Josie missed being a crusader .
The thought of one more local problem , and one more local client , made her long for what she once had been : a headline grabber , a tough cookie , a lawyer whose ambition and future knew no bounds .
But that was just sometimes .
Mostly , Josie Baylor - Bates was grateful that she no longer spoke for anyone who had enough money to pay her fee .
She had learned that evil had the fattest wallet and most chaste face of all .
Josie could not be seduced by either any more .
" You walking ? "
Judge Crawford called to her from the end of the walk .
" No . "
Josie ambled toward him .
" Want me to walk you to your car ? "
the judge offered .
" Do n't worry about it .
This is n't exactly a tough town , and if another Billy Zuni is hanging around I 'll sign him up as a client . "
" Okay .
Let me know if you and Faye are in on that sponsorship for the Surf Festival . "
" Will do , " Josie answered and started to walk toward the parking lot .
The judge stopped her .
" Hey , Josie , I forgot .
Congratulations are in order .
It 's great that you 're signing on as Faye 's rainmaker . "
Josie laughed , " We 're going to be partners , Judge .
I do n't think there 's a lot of rain to be made around here . "
" Well , glad to hear it anyway .
Baxter & Bates has a nice ring , and Faye 's a good woman . "
" Do n't I know it , " Josie said .
Faye Baxter was more than friend or peer ; she was a champion , a confessor , a sweetheart who partnered with her husband until his death .
Josie was honored that now Faye wanted her , and Josie was going to be the best damn partner she could be .
Waving to the judge , Josie crossed the deserted plaza , took the steps down to the lower level parking and tossed her things in the back of the Jeep .
She was about to swing in when she caught the scent of cooking crab , the cacophony of arcade noise , the Friday night frantic fun of Redondo 's King Harbor Pier and decided to take a minute .
Wandering across the covered parking lot she exited onto the lower level of the two - storied pier complex .
The sun had been down for hours but it was still blister - hot .
To her right the picnic tables in the open - air restaurants were filled .
People whacked crabs with little silver hammers , sucked the meat from the shells , and made monumental messes .
On the left , bells and whistles , and screams of laughter from the arcade .
Out of nowhere three kids ran past , jabbering in Spanish , giggling in the universal language .
Josie stepped forward but not far enough .
A beehive of blue cotton candy caught her hip .
She brushed it away and walked on , drawn , not to the noise , but to the boats below the pier .
These were working craft that took sightseers into the harbor , pulled up the fish late at night ; they had seen better days and were named after women and wishes .
The boats were tethered to slips that creaked with the water 's whim and bobbed above rocks puckered with barnacles .
Josie loved the sense of silence , the feeling that each vessel held secrets , the dignity of even the smallest of them .
The ropes that held these boats tight could just as easily break in an unexpected storm .
They would drift away like people did if there was nothing to tie them down or hold them steady .
Josie leaned on the weather worn railing and lost her thoughts to the heat and the sounds and the look of that cool , dark water .
At peace , she was n't ready when something kicked up – a breeze , a bump of a hull – something familiar that threw her back in time .
Emily Baylor - Bates was suddenly there .
A vision in the water .
The Lady of the Lake .
Yet instead of the sacred sword , the image of Josie 's mother held out sharp - edged memories .
Josie should have walked away , but she never did when Emily came to call .
Even after all these years she could see her mother 's face clearly in that water .
Emily 's eyes were like Josie 's but bluer , wider , and clearer .
They shared the square - jaw and high cheekbones , but the whole of Emily 's face was breathtakingly beautiful , where her daughter 's was strikingly handsome .
Her mother 's hair was black - brown with streaks of red and gold .
Josie 's was chestnut .
Her expression was determined like Josie 's but … but what ?
What was her mother determined to do ?
What had been more important than a husband and a daughter A good daughter , damn it .
What made her mother – even now after all these years she could barely think the word – abandon her ?
Why would a woman cast off a fourteen year old without a word , or a touch ?
There one night , gone the next morning .
Suddenly the water was disturbed .
Emily Baylor - Bates ' face disappeared in the rings of ever widening concentric circles .
Startled , Josie stood up straight .
Above her a group of teenagers hung over the railing dropping things into the water .
They laughed cruelly thinking they had frightened Josie , unaware that she was grateful to them .
The water was mesmerizing , the memories as dangerous as an undertow .
Emily had been gone for twenty - six years .
Twenty - six years , Josie reminded herself as she strode to the parking lot , swung into her Jeep , turned the key , and backed out .
The wheels squealed on the slick concrete .
She knew a hundred years would n't make her care less .
Time would n't dull the pain or keep her from wanting to call her mother back .
On her deathbed , Josie would still be wondering where her mother was , why she had gone , whether she was dead , or just did n't give a shit about her daughter .
But tonight , in the eleven minutes it took to drive from Redondo Beach to Hermosa Beach , Josie put those questions back into that box deep inside her mind .
By the time she tossed her keys on the table and ruffled Max - The - Dog 's beautiful old face , that box was locked up tight .
The dog rewarded Josie with a sniff and a lick against her cheek .
It took five minutes to finish the routine : working clothes gone , sweats and t - shirt on , and her mail checked .
Faye had dropped off the partnership papers before leaving for San Diego and a visit with her new grandson .
The tile man had piled a ton of Spanish pavers near the backdoor for Josie to lay at her leisure .
The house of her dreams – a California bungalow on the Strand – was being renovated at a snail 's pace , but Josie was determined to do the work herself .
She would make her own home ; a place where no one invited in would ever want to leave .
In the kitchen , Josie checked out a nearly empty fridge as she dialed Archer .
It was late , but if he were home it would n't take much to convince him that he needed to feed her .
Josie was punching the final digits of Archer 's number when Max rubbed up against her leg , wuffing and pointing his graying snout toward the front door .
Josie looked over her shoulder and patted his head , but Max woofed again .
She was just about to murmur her assurances when the house seemed to rock .
Snarling , Max fell back on his haunches .
Josie let out a shout .
Someone had thrown themselves against the front door , and whoever was out there wanted in bad .
The new door was solid , the deadbolt impossible to break , but the sound scared the shit out of her .
The doorknob jiggled frantically for a second before everything fell quiet – everything except Josie 's heart and Max 's guttural growl .
Bending down , Josie buried one hand in the fur and folds of his head .
With the other she picked up the claw hammer from the tool pile .
Standing , she smiled at Max .
His eyebrows undulated , silently asking if everything was all right now .
For an instant Josie thought it might be , until whoever was out there flew at the door with both fists .
" Damn . "
Josie jumped .
Max fell back again , snapping and barking .
Clutching the hammer , Josie sidestepped to the door .
She slipped two fingers under the curtain covering the narrow side - window and pulled the fabric back a half an inch .
A woman twirled near the hedge .
Her head whipped from side to side as she looked for a way into the house .
Her white slacks fit like a second skin , and her chiffon blouse crisscrossed over an impressive chest .
A butter colored belt draped over her slim hips .
Her come - fuck - me sandals had crepe - thin soles and heels as high as a wedding cake .
This was n't a Hermosa Beach babe and Josie had two choices : call the cops or find out what kind of trouble this woman was in .
No contest .
Josie flipped the lock and threw open the door .
The woman froze ; trembling as if surprised to find someone had actually answered .
She started forward and raised her hand , took a misstep and crumpled .
Instinctively , Josie reached for her .
The hammer fell to the floor as the woman clutched at Josie 's arm .
" You 're here , " she breathed .
Close up now , Josie saw her more clearly .
The dark hair was longer than she remembered .
The heart - shaped face was still perfect save for the tiny scar on the corner of her wide lips .
Those long fingered hands that held Josie were as strong as they 'd always been .
But it was the high arch of the woman 's eyebrows and her small , exquisitely green eyes that did more than prick Josie 's memory ; they shot an arrow clear through it .
It had been almost twenty years since Josie had seen those eyes , and the face that looked like a heroine from some Russian revolutionary epic .
" Linda ?
Linda Sheraton ? "
" Oh , God , Josie , please help me . "


CHAPTER 2 The last time Josie Baylor - Bates saw Linda Sheraton they were twenty years old and sharing a cheap apartment in downtown Los Angeles .
Both were on a USC athletic scholarship , and both were poor as church mice .
Josie , for all intents and purposes , was orphaned .
Linda hailed from a trailer park , raised by a mother who did n't give a damn if her daughter ended up in poverty or Princeton .
That was where the similarities ended .
Josie cleaned fraternity houses to make ends meet ; Linda dated the fraternity .
Linda would rather dance the night away than crack a book .
Josie knew law school would n't consider bar hopping a fine arts credit .
Linda was hard living , sure of herself , plain talking , and smart as a whip .
Unfortunately , her whip did n't crack for academia unless it had to .
She could talk anyone into anything – teachers into grades , boys into adoration , men into gifts , and Josie into setting her up on the volleyball court so that she , Linda , came away looking like a star .
It was n't hard to figure out why men succumbed to Linda 's particular brand of charm .
There was a strong , sinewy animal beauty about her ; a beauty that promised more than she ever intended to deliver .
The one thing Josie could never figure out was why she had fallen for the act .
Maybe it was because Linda Sheraton made you feel like she deserved the favor , as if she would reward you twofold if you came through for her just once .
Josie pulled Linda 's ass out of one fire after another , thanking her lucky stars that Linda never asked her to do anything illegal or immoral .
Luckily , two things happened before Linda did ask : Josie got a clue and Linda took off .
Three months into their junior year Linda hooked up with a guy from France leaving Josie with an apartment she could n't afford , a pile of phone bills , and a couple pair of jeans .
Josie wore the jeans , got a second job to make the rent , and had the phone disconnected .
Sometimes Josie wondered about Linda when she sat at Burt 's at the Beach , watching the sweet young things snuggle up to a potential meal ticket .
Now Josie did n't have to wonder what happened to Linda Sheraton .
Something , or someone , had caught up with her .
Despite the clothes , the jewelry and the make - up , she was a mess , and scared to death .
With a snap of her fingers , Josie backed Max off to his rug in the corner .
In a jumble of questions and answers she settled Linda on the couch , determined she was n't hurt or in imminent danger , then left her long enough to grab a bottle of scotch and a glass from the kitchen .
She poured two fingers and handed the glass to Linda .
" Thanks . "
The glass quivered as Linda knocked back half the drink , sank deeper in the couch and tried to get a grip .
Josie sat in the leather chair and put the bottle on the table between them .
" Do you have an ashtray ? "
Linda 's deep , pebbly voice shook .
Her eyes darted around the living room .
Spare of furnishing , there were blueprints and books spread over the desk in the corner near the picture window .
Linda seemed to see nothing as she fidgeted with the buckle on her belt and the stitching on the couch cushion .
Josie got up , found an empty beer can in the trash and put it on the coffee table .
" You do n't mind . . . "
Linda put her drink aside , fumbled in her purse , found her pack , tapped one out , and finally put a cigarette between her lips .
Her lipstick had faded , leaving only a faint outline of claret colored pencil .
Her hand , and the cigarette in it , trembled as she snapped a silver lighter open .
It took three times to catch but finally there was flame .
Linda sucked hard and the tip glowed red .
She held it away and blew out a plume of smoke while Josie studied her .
Three of Linda 's knuckles were scraped but they were n't bleeding .
Her clothes were messed , but not torn .
She seemed to tremble more with outrage than fear .
Finally , Linda tossed the lighter back in her purse , reached for her glass and shot the scotch .
One more puff and she dropped the cigarette into the can .
It sizzled in the last swallow of beer and died .
" I almost did n't recognize you .
It 's been awhile , " Josie said .
" Yeah , well , you have n't changed . "
Linda eyed Josie 's sweat pants , and the muscle shirt from Gold 's Gym that Josie had pulled over her sports bra .
" I should have known I 'd find you in a place like this .
You must still be playing volleyball . "
" Pick up games , " Josie answered .
She did n't ask if Linda still played .
The cut of her clothes , the length of her nails , and the paleness of her skin spoke volumes .
Linda was n't really interested anyway .
Her observation was a reaction ; Josie was the physical manifestation of word association .
Linda licked her lips as if her mouth were dry .
Josie nodded toward the glass .
Linda pushed it across the table , leaning forward as she did so .
Josie did the same .
" Still getting in over your head ? "
Josie asked while she poured .
" You have no idea , " Linda whispered , holding her drink in both hands .
She did n't look at Josie when she said : " My kid – my daughter – she 's been arrested for murder , Josie . "
" Where ? "
" In Santa Monica , " Linda said .
" Christ . "
Josie reached out to touch Linda .
Women did that during trying times .
But this time the connection was n't made .
Neither of them were that kind of woman .
Josie 's way was like her father 's .
Figure out the problem .
Deal with it .
Linda 's way was to stand removed until she figured out who was with her , and who was against her .
" Who do they say she killed ? "
" Fritz Rayburn , " Linda answered .
" Justice Rayburn ?
The California Supreme Court Justice ? "
There was n't much that shocked Josie anymore , but this did .
There had been no hint that the fire was suspicious much less the jurist 's death .
Linda poured herself another double .
It was gone before Josie could blink .
Linda came up for air and looked into the empty glass as if it was a crystal ball .
" The one and only Fritz Rayburn .
The governor 's buddy .
Beloved of all lawyers .
Champion of the underling .
Soft spoken , confident , fearless , witty , brilliant , perfect California Supreme Court Justice , Fritz Rayburn . "
Linda raised her glass in a cheerless toast .
" That 's who the cops say my kid killed . "
" Oh , my God , " Josie breathed .
" I could n't have said it better myself . "
Linda cocked her head and gave Josie a small , wretched smile .
" I ' m talking mega trouble , Josie .
The Goddamn Vice President came to Fritz 's funeral .
They were talking about nominating him to the real Supreme Court if any of those old shits ever died .
The cardinal said the mass .
There were a thousand people in that cathedral , and those were only the ones that were invited . "
" What 's this got to do with your daughter ? "
Josie got up , grabbed a cold beer and popped it on her way back .
Linda had n't missed a beat .
" Fritz Rayburn was my father - in - law .
He was down from San Francisco for the summer break .
When he was here he stayed in an apartment at the Palisades house or at the place in Malibu .
We were all in the Palisades the night of the fire . "
Linda 's fingers trailed over the deep cut of her blouse and found their way to the side of her jaw .
She leaned into the touch nonchalantly , her posture a strange contrast to the twitching of her eye , the taut cording of her neck muscles .
" Hannah – my daughter – she did n't like it in the Palisades .
She 's city all the way .
Independent .
She did n't particularly like Fritz , but to say she killed him is just plain ridiculous . "
" When was she arrested ? "
Josie took a long drink but the beer tasted wrong .
" Just now .
Tonight .
We got home from the funeral .
I changed .
My husband and I were going out to dinner to . . .to talk about something important . "
Linda ran the back of her hand under her nose .
She shook out her hair .
This was the way she used to act when she had to pull herself together for competition .
Linda was at her best under pressure .
The near - tears were gone ; the face she turned toward Josie had fixed to a look of brutal resolve .
" You 've got to get her out of this mess , Josie .
Hannah is sixteen , she 's scared and she 's innocent .
I want you to get her out of that God damn jail tonight . "
Josie rested her arms on her knees , the beer dangling between her legs .
She remembered what she had n't liked about Linda Sheraton - Rayburn .
She demanded .
She expected .
She wanted .
Under any other circumstances Josie would have shown her the door .
But whether or not her daughter was guilty , Linda was in for a lot of pain .
For that Josie was truly sorry and she was sorry she could n't help .
" There 's nothing I can do , Linda .
Your daughter 's been processed .
She is in for the night . "
" Do n't give me that .
I busted my butt tracking you down tonight because I knew if anyone could help , you could . "
" This is n't college , Linda .
I ca n't just fast - talk a problem away . "
Josie put her beer on the side table .
" Besides , I do n't work with juveniles .
You need some who specializes . . . "
" Do n't tell me what I friggin ' need . "
Linda whacked the coffee table with both hands .
The sound cracked through the house .
Max 's head came up .
Linda 's face was white with rage .
" Hey , " Josie warned , " Take it down some , or take it somewhere else . "
Linda may be in trouble , but this was Josie 's turf .
Maybe not the kind she used to claim , but nobody told her what to do here .
Linda , though , did n't give up so easily .
She shoved aside the glass , the bottle , and the makeshift ashtray , as if she was clearing the field for battle .
" Okay .
Okay .
Last I heard you were hot stuff .
I mean you got that woman off a couple of years ago and she was guilty as sin .
My kid is innocent and I need someone I can trust , damn it .
You 're not too big to help an old friend who really needs it , are you , Josie ? "
" I ' m not too big for anything , Linda .
I just do n't handle the kind of case you 're talking about . "
Josie looked away .
Linda moved her head trying to retain eye contact , doing her best to cajole .
" But you could , could n't you ?
I mean , there are n't any rules about that sort of thing , right ? "
" No .
Nothing like that . "
" Then name your price , Josie .
Money is n't a problem .
I 've got enough to buy and sell you .
I 've got . . . .
I 've got . . . "
That was as far as she went .
Whatever truth or pity she saw in Josie 's eyes it was enough to make Linda stop .
Her voice caught .
When she spoke again she was begging .
" Please .
I 've got no one else .
My baby did n't do it .
I swear .
She did n't do it . "


CHAPTER 3 Josie 's memories spiraled in snippets and snatches .
Big case .
Terrified defendant .
Protestations of innocence .
Josie as champion .
Television cameras .
Crime scene photos .
Interviews .
Points of law .
Fearful testimony .
Children waiting for their mother and the world waiting for the jury .
Worst of all – victory .
Back then Josie believed everyone deserved a defense .
Then she met the one woman who did n't .
Kristin Davis played Josie like a fine fiddle until every string snapped .
Josie who believed that a mother could do no wrong ; Josie who looked at Kristin 's children and promised to send their mother back home .
She should have seen through Kristin Davis .
But that was past , and the present had its own set of compelling quick cuts and consequences .
A sixteen - year - old kid in prison for murder .
A desperate mother .
An old friend .
Innocence .
Guilt .
Who knew ?
Fire .
Fame .
Fortune .
The eyes of a state – perhaps the country – focused on her through the lens of a television camera .
Josie did n't want to be evaluated , critiqued , or judged for standing center stage as crime became entertainment .
She did not want to speak for someone who could have , might have , or maybe did the unthinkable .
Josie had had enough of that to last a lifetime .
" You 're Fritz Rayburn 's daughter - in - law , Linda .
Call his firm .
Talk to your friends .
That 's the kind of power you need . "
" I already did that . "
She shook her head .
" I spoke to Ian Frank , Fritz 's old partner .
That firm is filled with civil attorneys .
They deal in big money .
And there are – problems – extenuating circumstances . "
" What about Hannah 's father ? "
Josie dared Linda to cut off another avenue of opportunity .
" What about him ? "
" He must know good criminal attorneys through his father , " Josie insisted .
" Hannah 's father took off before I even got the word pregnant out of my mouth .
I married Kip Rayburn two years ago .
He 's Hannah 's stepfather .
Even I know this is n't the best time to ask him to run interference for Hannah . "
Linda 's bottom lip disappeared under her top teeth .
She put her hand against the wall near the window , looking out as if she was expecting someone .
It was n't a person she was looking for but a decision she had to make .
Finally she looked at Josie .
" Okay , I 'll be honest .
There are business considerations , careers to worry about and Hannah is a small cog in a very big wheel .
When Fritz took the bench he had to put his partnership into trust so there would n't be any conflict of interest .
That did n't keep the firm from trading on Fritz 's reputation .
It meant high profile clients because an original partner was a California Supreme Court Justice . "
Linda put both hands on the back of an overstuffed chair .
Her nails poked into the fabric .
Her voice dropped another octave .
" Before the funeral we found out that the governor is going to appoint Kip to his father 's seat on the California Supreme Court .
He was going to announce it in the next few days while emotions still ran high for Fritz .
A legacy goes on kind of thing .
The firm keeps trading on its association with the highest court in the state , money keeps rolling in , and power is consolidated in their little dynasty .
So we go to the funeral .
The governor is checking out how Kip handles himself .
It goes well .
Then Hannah gets arrested and it 's everybody for themselves .
" When I asked for help they say they have to think .
How is this going to affect Kip 's appointment , the firm 's bottom line ?
They distance themselves .
Hannah and me are left swinging in the wind .
I understand how business works and I love my husband , Josie .
I respect the tough spot he 's in , but my daughter is a child and she needs help now .
So I ' m doing what I 've got to do . "
" And your husband does n't mind the firm is treating you this way ? "
Josie asked .
Linda shook her head , exhausted .
" Right now I do n't know what he thinks .
Everything happened so fast .
He just kept asking how they knew his father was murdered .
How did they know ?
I mean , he thought the old guy died in an accident .
It was like somebody put Kip on a roller coaster and did n't strap him in .
He 's mourning his father one minute , being tapped for the court the next , and then he finds out the cops think someone deliberately took his dad 's life .
It 's a mess .
Everyone 's out for themselves .
I do n't have a whole lot of time to figure out how much a stranger will get behind my kid .
You 're not a stranger .
I want you to help her . "
Josie got up and turned toward her bedroom .
" Okay .
I 've got a couple of favors to call in .
I 'll get my book . "
Linda moved fast , crossing the living room , pulling Josie back .
" No .
I want you to do it .
I know you .
You would n't let her suffer .
You know what it 's like to be a kid who 's afraid .
You know what it 's like to be alone . "
" This is n't the same , Linda .
You 're helping your daughter , not running away from her .
Besides , for all I know she could have done it . "
Josie pulled away .
Some part of her was flattered by Linda 's confidence , another was wary .
" And what would it matter ? "
Linda threw her hands up in frustration .
" She 's still entitled to a defense .
That 's the law .
Is n't that right ? "
" It does n't say she 's entitled to me , " Josie answered flatly .
" But she did n't do it , Josie .
Nobody did .
It was an accident .
Someone 's making a terrible mistake .
Josie , you were never mean or cruel .
Do n't be now .
My whole family is in turmoil .
Hannah 's my baby , " Linda cried .
She babbled , trying to find the magic that would make Josie change her mind .
" She was terrified getting on that bus , being taken away from me .
I followed them all the way out to Sybil Brand and they would n't let me in .
She 's alone .
Help her .
Stop making excuses and help us , damn it . "
Linda 's fingers dug into Josie 's arms again .
Her long nails were sharp but the rest of her was losing ground .
Linda 's deep voice caught .
She whispered frantically , pleading as only a mother can do .
" Do it just this once , Josie .
Just go see Hannah .
That 's all I ' m asking .
If you saw her , you 'd help her .
The last thing you 'd want is for a kid to be alone and scared . "
They stood eye to eye , both of them taller than most men , both of them fascinatingly attractive , and both locked in an emotional tug of war .
" They took her to Sybil Brand ? "
Josie asked cautiously .
Linda nodded slowly , her face a play of concern and questions .
" They said she could n't be released until they had a bail hearing because of the charges .
That 's not going to be ' till Monday .
Josie , what is it ? "
" Juvenile offenders are taken to East Lake , Linda , not Sybil Brand .
Your daughter is in the women 's jail .
The DA is going to charge her as an adult . "
" What does that mean ? "
" That means she 's looking at hard time if she 's convicted .
Chowchilla prison , somewhere like that .
No sealed records .
No short - term juvenile facility . "
Josie dug deep to find the courage to give Linda the worst - case scenario .
" If the DA tacks on special circumstances he could conceivably ask for the death penalty . "
* * * Linda was gone by eleven , leaving behind her phone number , her address , and a retainer .
Josie put the retainer check in the top drawer of her desk .
It could be torn up as easily as cashed , but right now she did n't want to see it .
She just wanted to think .
Leashing Max they walked to the Strand , crossing the bike path , wandering on to the sand .
Josie headed north , wondering why she 'd agreed to see Hannah Sheraton , and knowing it did n't take a rocket scientist to come up with the answer .
Tomorrow a sixteen - year - old kid would wake up scared and stay that way until this thing played out .
Hannah Sheraton may never get over what was happening to her , but Josie could at least make sure there was an end to the ordeal .
If Linda had needed help Josie would have made that referral .
This , though , was a child .
This , Josie was drawn to .
Wanting to root around a bit , Max pulled Josie left .
The moon was high , the tide low , and the heat heavy .
In the distance , party music mixed with the thin wail of sirens .
The music belonged to Hermosa , the sirens to some bigger , more impersonal , more challenging place .
Thank God she did n't belong to the sirens anymore .
Josie looked back at the place that was now her hometown .
Hermosa meant beautiful beach .
The place used to be a sweep of hills dotted with sheep and barley fields that stretched all the way to the Pacific .
Now it was 1.3 miles of small hotels , houses , restaurants , and people who believed in letting everyone be .
When it came to crime , Billie Zuni was as bad a dude as the place could come up with .
In December there was a sand snowman contest , in August the Surf Festival .
In the sixties , the city declared itself a wild bird sanctuary .
Little did the founding fathers know that wild birds were n't the only ones who would find sanctuary in this place .
Josie kicked at the sand and gave Max 's ancient leash a tug .
Hot pink , worn to shreds , it was still clipped to his collar when she found him half starved under the pier .
Josie would n't buy a new one .
That leash might mean something to Max , the same way her mother 's hula - girl plates meant something to Josie .
She tugged again .
It was time to go , just not time to go home .
Linda had kicked up a lot of dust , and Josie needed someone to help her clear it .
There was only one person she knew who had twenty / twenty vision when it came to navigating the storms of indecision .
She headed to Archer 's place .
* * * It took Linda Rayburn forty - seven minutes to get to the Malibu house .
She parked the car , retrieved her shoes and purse from the passenger side floor , did n't bother to lock the doors , and did n't care if the hems of her very expensive slacks got dirty .
She walked through the gate , ignoring the impressive entrance .
It had grown ordinary like so many things Linda once found intimidating and fascinating about the Rayburn 's world .
Not that she would trade it .
Not that she disliked it .
All this stuff was like air : essential and expected , missed only when taken away .
She let herself in to the house .
Every light was on and the damn thing was quiet as a mausoleum .
The shoes and purse were left on the floor for the housekeeper to pick up in the morning .
Linda looked in the kitchen , though she doubted that 's where Kip would be .
She checked the living room .
The glare of the lights made her feel like a walking corpse .
She slipped the belt from her hips and tugged her blouse out of her slacks as she went .
The pool lights were on and the floods , too .
The dining room with its long glass table and twelve high backed stainless steel and silk chairs shivered with reflected light .
Having searched downstairs there was nowhere to go but up .
Resisting the desire to get in bed , close her eyes , and make everything go away , Linda climbed the stairs and walked down the long hall .
The gigantic unframed oils that Fritz had been so fond of now looked crass and ridiculous .
So much black cut by random slashes of red that looked like open wounds on the dark skin of the canvas .
Fritz may have been smart about the law , but his taste in art sucked .
What was he thinking hanging those things on the smooth white walls of the Malibu house ?
Hannah 's paintings would have been better .
At least she used more than two colors .
In fact , right now , Linda would burn all of Fritz 's big , ugly , highbrow stuff herself , just to have a little bit of Hannah around .
Linda was at the end of the hall just outside The Room .
That 's what they called it .
Not Fritz 's room , not the library , just The Room .
It was where the chronicles of Fritz 's life were kept : pictures of Fritz with governors , senators , and even a president or two .
Fritz with celebrity lawyers .
Fritz with foster children .
Fritz , Fritz .
Fritz .
Pens and plaques , embossed portfolios .
Fritz , Fritz , Fritz 's place .
Little sculptures of judges made of bronze and wood .
Gavels sprouted off polished wood surfaces .
He had n't used the room in years and yet it remained untouched .
It was a shrine while he lived ; God knew what it was supposed to be now that he was dead , now that Kip was in there .
Linda composed herself .
There was no door to the room , only a short hall that opened up onto a big space .
Linda walked through and hovered at the end .
The room was dim , only the desk light was on .
Two of the four walls were made of glass .
The half moon hung like a piece of artwork in the middle of one of them .
Kip sat in Fritz 's chair looking as if he 'd wandered out of a Norman Rockwell illustration and into a Dali landscape .
Linda shivered .
She liked neither Rockwell nor Dali .
She liked Kip the way he used to be .
Before all this he was his own blank canvas .
She liked the Kip who relied on her or Fritz for definition .
But Fritz was n't here anymore , the governor was holding out the things Kip wanted – power , attention , notoriety of his own – and she was n't the same woman who had left the house earlier that evening .
For the first time , the next step in Linda 's life was n't clear .
Kip did n't look at her when she came in .
He barely moved as he methodically picked up , looked at , and placed his father 's things in a box on the side of the desk .
Linda felt him vibrating , radiating frustration and anger .
It rolled around the room like a Dervish .
" I do n't want to talk , Linda , " he said quietly , his voice trembling .
" We have to talk . "
" No , " Kip held up his hand , " we do n't " " Then what do you want to do ?
Just sit and wait until we know what ever it is that they know ?
You want to wait for other people to make their moves before we do ?
You want to pretend this is n't happening ? "
Linda started toward the desk but stopped short .
The usual ministrations would n't work to soothe him .
He did n't want to be touched .
She could n't coax him to bed .
He had been changing ever since Fritz died .
It had n't been unattractive or unwanted – until now .
Linda backed off , holding herself in check .
She would tread carefully until she had the lay of the land .
She talked , thinking on her feet .
" You 're right .
I ' m sorry .
I ' m sorry .
I just ca n't believe this is happening .
Everything was going so well , " she held out her hands to stop him from interrupting .
" But we can control this situation .
I spoke to an attorney about Hannah .
She 's an old friend .
She 'll get Hannah out of jail .
Once that happens we 'll send her away to school .
Lots of people have problem kids .
Everyone will forget about this .
My attorney wo n't bring you , or the firm , into this .
She 'll deal with this discreetly . "
" Discreetly ? "
In the blink of an eye Kip was up , standing behind the desk , his plain features contorted into disbelief and rage .
He picked up a picture of his father and hurled it across the room .
Not at her .
Luckily , not at her .
" How in the hell do you figure the murder of a California Supreme Court Justice can be handled discreetly ?
When they thought this was an accident nobody was discreet .
We wo n't be able to sneeze without people trying to figure out what goes on in this house .
They 're going to want a reason Hannah was arrested and if they ca n't find one they 'll make it up .
Hannah caused problems from the minute she walked through the door .
For my father .
For me .
Even for you .
But now she 's going to ruin my life . "
" Okay .
All right , " Linda screamed .
She backed up .
Afraid of her husband for the first time since she met him , Linda would never let him know .
" You 've always wanted her gone .
Do you want me gone , too ?
You 're such a big man now you do n't need me ?
If that 's what you 're saying then I ' m out of here .
I 'll take care of myself and I sure as hell wo n't care who gets taken down if they prosecute my kid . "
Kip put his hands on one of Fritz 's awards .
It was a heavy thing made of crystal and wood .
Even in the dim light Linda could see his arms shaking with the tension of his pent up emotions .
He fought with himself wanting to lift it , throw it , and cradle it to his breast .
" It was supposed to be my time .
I was making it my time .
I was standing up . . .it was all for you and me . "
Linda Rayburn watched her husband implode .
Slowly he sank back into the chair , his hands still around the hunk of glass and wood .
He lowered his head until it rested on the cool wedge of crystal .
Linda bowed her own , her hair covering her face , her shoulders slumping .
Maybe they were all lost .
Finally , Linda raised her head .
Her eyes narrowed .
Inside there was a sliver of steel left .
A little gift from her mother who made Linda what she was – a damn survivor .
Linda was going to share that gift with Kip because the last thing she wanted to do was leave .
Slowly she walked toward her husband and wrapped her arms around his head .
She pulled him into her .
His arms went around her waist as she buried her lips in his hair .
" I know what you did for me .
I know what it cost you , " she whispered .
" You do ? "
" Yes , and I was proud .
And now you 've got to stay brave and see this through , " Linda said .
" I can , but you 've got to help me now , " Kip mumbled .
" You owe me that .
After everything I 've done .
After all the risks I took for you .
You owe me , not her .
I hate her .
It 's my turn now . "
Linda 's heart turned to stone .
Just when she thought life was going to be easy it took the cruelest turn of all .
She had n't even wanted one and now she had two children pointing at her , making her part excuse , part reason , part inspiration for the things they did .
It was n't fair .
Linda sighed and caressed Kip 's hair .
She would do what she could .
She 'd push Kip to his limit and make him find his courage again .
She 'd be smart , she 'd watch and wait , and move only when it was necessary .
But in the end , if Hannah did n't do her part , they were all screwed .


CHAPTER 4 Josie woke up at six with the sun in her eyes , the smell of Archer all around .
It was in the sheets , on her body , in the scent of the dark coffee he preferred , the piquant smell of the chemicals he used in his darkroom .
The sense of him was everywhere .
In the way his clothes were hung precisely in the closet , and in the book of forensic techniques that lay open on the bedside .
Once a cop , always a cop .
On the bookshelf , a rosary hung over the neck of an empty bottle of tequila .
It was a long story .
Short version : Archer found religion one night while a buddy lost his .
He said he kept the rosary to remind him to play savior only when it was a sure thing .
Josie did n't believe him .
He could never be so calculating .
He had saved her , and she was n't a sure thing .
Josie threw an arm over her eyes for a second , and then rolled onto her side to touch the place where he had slept .
The sheets were cold .
He 'd been gone for a while .
Josie got out of bed and searched for her clothes .
She found her muscle shirt and panties but the sweats and sports bra were missing in action .
She shimmied into what she had , glanced at the picture of Lexi , Archer 's dead wife , and then went looking for the man they shared .
She found him on the rooftop balcony , a perk of owning the building .
" Morning , " Josie walked up behind him and wound her arms around his waist .
He was a big man ; made her feel downright dainty .
She loved the smell of his shirt .
Starched and pressed by the man who wore it .
" Do n't move , " he commanded .
Josie did n't but only because she did n't want to .
She held her breath , loving the feel of him when he was excited by what he saw through his lens .
His gut tightened beneath her hands .
A solitary muscle rippled .
Quick like a snake .
A click .
He sighed with satisfaction and stood up slowly , surveying the beach once more before turning around to kiss Josie .
She kissed him back just long enough for them both to be happy .
When she slipped out of his arms , he let her go .
No nonsense .
No jealousy .
No neediness .
Respect .
Affection .
Comfort .
Chemistry .
It was the kind of relationship people who could take care of themselves did well .
Archer and Josie did it extremely well .
They met a year ago .
Archer snapped a picture of her at the pro - am volleyball tournament .
She had her hand on her hip , baseball hat on backwards , sunglasses covering her eyes .
When the picture was printed , Josie was pleased .
She could see her six - pack abs , the ropes of muscles in her legs , and the fine definition of her biceps .
Archer said that was n't what he saw .
He saw her glaring at him from behind those glasses , unhappy that she had lost a critical point , determined she would n't lose the next one .
He knew they would be more than good friends .
It took Josie a month longer to figure it out .
" You want more coffee ? "
Josie picked up the thermal pot to pour herself a cup .
He shook his head .
Josie and her coffee joined him by the balcony railing .
" I got the sun coming up .
I picked up some woman skinny dipping around five . "
Archer lifted his chin to indicate the surf .
Josie looked at him .
He had a wonderful profile .
He looked like an Irish boxer : strong jawed , short , straight nose , eyes that were dark and close together .
Those eyes held a person tight in his line of sight .
His was a man 's face and a man 's body .
He did n't own a suit .
He was as different from the men Josie used to date as Baxter & Associates was from the kind of law she used to practice .
What had she seen in those men in designer suits ?
Josie leaned into him , playfully banging his shoulder with her own .
" You 're going to get sued one of these days when somebody sees themselves on a postcard or in a magazine . "
" I know a good lawyer .
She would n't let me down . "
He pushed back .
Not a hint of a smile .
It was n't his way .
He smiled with his eyes , with his touch .
Josie knew when Archer was happy .
It was the same way he showed hurt and anger and compassion – with his eyes , with his touch .
" I would n't count on that , " Josie said wryly .
" I might decide you 're not worth it one of these days . "
Archer put a big hand on the back of her neck and followed up with a kiss .
He pulled Josie into him , draping his arm over her shoulder .
" This from a woman who lets herself in and has her way with me in the middle of the night ?
I think I can count on her . "
Josie sipped her coffee and stayed nestled against him .
He waited just long enough , and then gave her the nudge she seemed to want .
" So ?
You were n't exactly talkative last night . "
Josie chuckled softly .
The truth was they had n't exchanged two words .
Archer once told her that he could tell what she needed by the way she came to bed .
If Josie wanted to talk she crawled in already debating .
When she needed something else – something more personal – she came in quietly , stayed close , he could hear her thinking .
He even seemed to know whether it was old troubles , or new , that had to be dealt with .
Then there were the nights like last night .
It was n't sleep she wanted , or talking she needed .
Josie needed to clear her mind so she could rest , and Archer had a way of making that happen .
" I had a visitor last night . . . "
Josie began , training her eyes on the runner of sand and the never - ending carpet of blue ocean as she filled him in . Twenty minutes later they were sitting in the beach chairs on the balcony sharing a bagel , Josie 's coffee was cold and her story was over .
Archer knew it all : Linda , the history , the girl , the charge , the victim , the retainer – impressive – and the fact that the next move was Josie 's .
" You told her you were going to check it out .
So check it out . "
" Jesus , Archer .
You know how I feel about murder – women involved in murder .
It 's not that easy . "
Josie took a bite out of the bagel .
She was n't hungry ; she just did n't relish trying to explain again why it was n't easy .
But Archer had made his living investigating criminals , so lawyers were not a great challenge .
" Why not ? "
He laced his hands behind his head and looked right at her .
Most people found it uncomfortable to look Archer in the eye .
They said his eyes were flat , cold and judgmental .
Josie always thought of his gaze as a level playing field .
" Because it opens a can of worms .
If she 's innocent , she 's going up against a lot – the press and the DA who really wants a pound of flesh and who knows how the governor 's office will play into all this .
If she 's guilty and I get an acquittal , I do n't think I could live with myself .
It 's sort of like being an ex - nun .
I still believe in God , I just do n't think He 's omnipotent .
Besides , it 's been a long time since I put together a defense like this . "
Josie put her fingers to her mouth .
She did n't exactly bite her nails but she came close .
" You handled really big cases for sixteen years before you came here , " Archer reminded her .
" Linda 's a friend , " Josie countered .
" She 's an acquaintance .
If she was a friend I would have heard about her . "
" Okay . Okay .
Then there 's the fact that this is a juvenile matter . "
Josie held up her hand .
" And before you say anything about her being charged as an adult it 's still a child we 're talking about .
I do n't know what to do with a kid . "
" You know what to do with a client , Josie . "
Archer snapped the pedal of his black racing bike he kept on the roof , instead of the garage .
The garage was full of files from old cases , keepsakes from the house he shared with Lexi , and a Hummer .
That vehicle was a man 's hunk of metal that could go anywhere he thought there might be a picture or a perp . Archer watched the pedal twirl for a minute and then looked at her .
" When Lexi died I did n't want to look at another woman .
Then you stood right in front of me .
I could n't ignore you and that caused a lot of pain , Jo .
I had to figure out if I was happier being with a live woman or living with the memories of a dead one .
Do you think you do n't miss what you used to do ?
Maybe this thing is a test .
Go see this girl .
If you feel hinky , walk away .
Just do it because it 's the right choice . "
" Good job , Archer .
Make me feel like two cents .
I ' m not afraid if that 's what you think .
I could go down there .
I could see this girl and make up my mind . "
" Then do it .
That 's all the mother is asking . "
" No .
You do n't know Linda .
She 's expecting me to make the trouble go away , " Josie objected .
" Who cares what she expects ?
I ' m just saying that if you turn your back now , you 'll never look in the mirror the same way again . "
" Says you , Archer . "
Josie pushed herself off the beach chair .
She should be on the beach picking up a game , checking on Billy , or laying all that tile .
She should be biking to Santa Monica with Archer .
She should n't even be thinking about dead people and murderers , innocence and guilt , and the thousand ways she knew to spin evidence to make her story sound like God 's own truth .
And Archer should be a little more helpful .
He could at least concede she had a reason to be cautious .
When he did n't , Josie bailed .
" I ' m going home . "
As she walked past , Archer reached up and took her arm .
" You should know what you 're made of , Josie .
Everybody should know that . "
" See you tomorrow . "
Josie kissed him on top of his head .
" Or maybe next week . "
She found the rest of her clothes in the bedroom , dressed , and collected Max .
If it had just been her , Josie would have hustled down the three flights of stairs .
With Max , it took a little longer .
On the Strand , Hermosa was coming alive .
Rollerbladers , walkers , a mother pushing a stroller , people sipping coffee , reading their paper , and surfers straddling their boards , waiting for the wave they could ride , or the one that would drown them .
Josie did n't bother to watch and see which it would be .
She felt her own wave coming and she was n't ready .
* * * From the rooftop balcony Archer leaned on the railing and watched Josie go .
He did n't bother to turn the tripod and take a picture of her .
He never liked to take pictures of people walking away so he just watched Josie as the early morning people turned to look at her .
She was so tall and striking , tanned and confident .
He also saw she walked just a little too fast for comfort and not fast enough for exercise , she kept old Max close to her like a friend along to help her find her way in a strange place .
But Hermosa was n't strange .
It was the call of an old , frightening , fascinating place that had Josie Baylor - Bates spooked .
Archer could have talked her through it , past it , or out of it , but he did n't .
That woman had been fooling herself for a long time .
Josie thought she chose to live near the beach in Hermosa and work in a neighborhood law firm because she was disillusioned .
That was a lie .
Josie had run to Hermosa , hidden her head in the sand of Faye Baxter 's little law firm .
Now somebody was tugging on her head , and she was trying to keep it stuck in the sand .
Archer took a deep breath and looked away .
She was almost out of sight and there was nothing he could do for her now except wait for her to come back .
Much as he wanted to go with her , stand guard when she came face to face with that kid , he would n't .
Instead , Archer put himself behind the camera and turned it back to the sea .
That 's how much he loved her .
* * * " Playing devil 's advocate . "
Alex held up his hand .
" Ca n't we pick up those dollars somewhere else ?
One of the unions maybe ?
Then we could look for someone with a little more star quality for that slot on the bench . "
Davidson himself dismissed that plan .
" It 's getting too hot to hit the unions up again .
I do n't want any more of those ' legislation for dollars ' news stories .
Kip brings quiet money .
Kip 's appointment wo n't look like payback . "
" We 're dancing around the real benefit .
Kip is president of the CLA , " Cheryl reminded them .
" He 's a hell of an administrator , " Alex agreed .
" The California Litigator 's Association has been real happy with him .
Those guys have the bucks and Kip 's the main man .
He 's an easy sell to the public and a moneymaker .
There 's no downside , so I say we announce tomorrow and minimize coverage of the girl 's arrest . "
The governor toyed with his glass .
His face was long and colorless , his expression unreadable .
Finally , he spoke .
" Kip understands we 're expecting a lot from him in terms of support during the election and before he takes the bench , right ? "
Alex nodded , " Absolutely .
Until he takes the oath he raises funds .
After that , no impropriety , just association . "
" Exactly .
Letter of the law is important . "
the governor mused .
" Just to be safe , call Kip .
Tell him we 'd like a few days before the announcement .
Bring me a poll analysis by , say , Monday afternoon .
If it 's good , I 'll announce . "
Cheryl and Alex nodded .
Cheryl would do a quick and dirty poll , check with Kip , and write a press release to have at the ready .
Alex would contact donors and feel them out .
If everyone was happy , Kip 's appointment would move ahead .
" One more thing . "
Cheryl hesitated before leaving the hotel room .
" What ? "
The governor was focused on his ever - present notepad now that breakfast was over .
" The girl .
Should n't we say something about the girl ? "
" The purpose ? "
the governor asked .
" She 's only sixteen .
They would expect you to say something about her , " Cheryl suggested .
" What 's our stand on juvenile offenders in the admission of a felony ? "
Davidson asked offhandedly .
" It 's been a sub - platform to our law and order stance .
We 've been tough on crime across the board , " Alex answered .
" Then we support prosecuting her to the full extent of the law .
We have the greatest faith in our justice system and even more faith in those we appoint to uphold the law . "
Davidson shook his head slightly as if he was disappointed he had to do everything .
" But this is different , " Cheryl suggested .
" I mean , this girl is n't exactly a hard case , she 's Kip Rayburn 's stepdaughter . "
" She 's irrelevant except as a concept , " Davidson muttered .
" A concept , " Cheryl reiterated as she glanced at Alex who shrugged .
A second later Davidson looked up .
" Any more questions ? "
" No . " Cheryl and Alex left the governor to his notes and parted ways .
Both of them hoped if they ever found themselves on the wrong side of the law , the governor would think of them as something more than a concept .
Both of them knew that was a false hope .


CHAPTER 5 " That someone would take the life of a man like Fritz Rayburn . . .
What can I say to that ?
I can only hope whoever did this feels the full wrath of our justice system – regardless of who they are .
I promise , the person I appoint to fill Justice Rayburn 's seat will have the same commitment to law and order ; perhaps feel even more strongly about it than I do . "
– Governor Joe Davidson , Good Day LA Interview " Hannah Sheraton . "
Josie tattooed her name on the jail log as she stated her business .
" Room three , counselor .
It 'll be a few minutes . "
The officer behind the window flicked her head to the left as she finished searching Josie 's portfolio and purse , and then pushed them toward her .
Josie nodded her thanks and dodged the guy behind her as she turned to leave .
" Bitch of a place to be on a hot day , " he muttered as he pulled the log toward him and signed in . " Bitch of a place to be any day . "
Josie answered back , but she was the only one who heard it .
Josie was already standing in front of the door that led to the interview rooms at Sybil Brand .
Pushing through the first of two doors when the buzzer sounded she paused , waited for the second buzzer , and then went through .
The door locked behind her while she was still wondering if she should n't just forget the whole thing .
In room number three , Josie tossed her briefcase on the table , sat down , and looked through the glass at the LA County women 's jail .
The place was a sprawling complex of old buildings that housed women who committed real crimes : murder , arson , burglary , assault .
Hannah Sheraton would be a ' keep away ' , cut off from the general population for her own protection because of her age .
If she were convicted , though , this could be home ; this prison with the pastel butterflies painted on the walls to inspire the inmates to come out of the cocoon of Sybil Brand bigger , better , and smarter .
But this was also the prison where yellow footprints were stenciled on the floor and each prisoner stepped on them , as if they were balancing on the razor 's edge .
Forbidden to veer away .
Forbidden to look back .
Josie shifted , trying to get comfortable on the wooden chair .
It had been a long time since she 'd been in this place .
It could be twenty minutes before they fetched Hannah .
Josie closed her eyes and rested her head against the cold , concrete wall and replayed the conversation with Linda Rayburn .
Linda wove her own story in with her daughter 's .
Josie had directed , but Linda knew how she wanted the tale to go .
One thing was clear ; Linda and Hannah did not exist without the other .
Hannah Sheraton .
Sixteen .
She had been carted around the world with Linda and her lovers , gone through puberty with a bang , and started acting out when she was twelve .
Nothing big .
Nothing Linda had n't done .
Nothing Linda could n't handle .
Skip classes , smoke a little weed .
Try cigarettes .
Hang out with guys too old to have good intentions .
Chip off the old block .
Really a good kid though , just a little wild .
Grew up too fast .
Linda went through the scotch like water .
She did n't so much as slur a word .
She was a hell of a drinker .
And always it was back to Hannah .
Smart kid when she was in school .
There had been so many schools , but everyone said the same thing .
Talented , talented kid .
Painter .
Oils mostly .
Some acrylics .
She experimented with other mediums .
Hannah had a future if she could just settle down .
A big future .
Bigger than Picasso .
Josie raised a brow .
Linda caught it but did n't back off far .
Okay , maybe not Picasso , but big .
Linda took Hannah 's paintings to a guy in Beverly Hills .
He bought a painting for five hundred bucks .
Five hundred was big stuff before Linda met Kip , when Linda was between friends .
Hannah was so happy when her painting helped out .
That kid was so selfless .
But then , it was n't hard work for her .
Hannah was only happy with a brush in her hand .
Josie ran out of scotch .
Linda did n't run out of information .
The fire .
It started in Hannah 's studio .
Okay , it was n't really a studio but Fritz let her use the old west wing to do her painting .
She used the bottom floor .
When Fritz was in town he stayed in the bedroom suite above .
That 's where he died .
That 's where the fire started .
Hannah loved that studio .
Jesus , if Josie had seen her when they first started living in the big house .
It was like being a princess . . .
Josie put a hand on Linda 's arm .
Linda refocused .
She moved her hands around like she was rearranging a piece of a puzzle .
Hannah got weird .
The Rayburns did n't think she was all that endearing , but what could you expect from two men ?
One had been a widower for ages and the other had n't married until he was fifty .
They were set in their ways .
It was hard enough to get used to Linda , much less Hannah .
They did n't like the way she looked one bit .
But Hannah was beautiful .
Linda wanted Josie to know that .
Oh , and Fritz took a great interest in Hannah 's painting .
But the Rayburns also said Hannah needed discipline .
Kip was impatient when he paid attention at all .
He thought Hannah reflected badly on the family .
Things got worse .
Hannah had new tricks .
She did n't sleep well .
She made everyone crazy with these weird little things she did .
Hey , they 'd gone from a one - bedroom apartment to a mansion .
They 'd gone from being two , to being part of a family .
That was tough .
There would be adjustments .
Fritz thought different .
He put Hannah into therapy , spent hours talking to her when he was home .
He called to check on her .
He was a good guy that way .
Linda thought , as Hannah 's mother , she should make the decisions , but she and Kip were n't married long enough for her to object .
Linda did n't want to appear ungrateful and no one had ever been so nice to them before .
Damn her acting out like that .
Always head games with Hannah .
For God 's sake , she just did n't know how lucky she was – they were – to be Rayburns .
So Josie was thinking about the dynamic in the Rayburn house when the door opened .
There stood the real thing .
Hannah Sheraton , drop dead gorgeous and jumpy as a racing pulse .
Even in an orange jumpsuit Josie could see that her body was perfect : slight but full breasted and broad shouldered .
Her long black hair hung down her back and framed her face in a riot of tight curls .
Her skin was dark , smooth , luminescent , but her eyes were that same spring green of her mother 's .
She could have stood in front of the Taj Mahal in a gold sari or danced on the beaches of Bali and looked at home .
Hannah was an exotic creature , petite and feminine where Linda was tall and feline featured .
Hannah was a child of the world and all Josie could think was that the other half of her genetic equation must have been something gorgeous to look at .
The guard , it seemed , was not impressed with Hannah .
She put her hand on the girl 's shoulder and then gave her a verbal shove .
" Move ahead , Sheraton . "
Hannah lifted her foot but before she put it down again , her left hand touched the doorjamb .
Once .
Twice .
Four .
Five times .
" Come on , Sheraton .
I have n't got all day . "
Startled by the order , Hannah stepped into the room , her face tightening in anger .
Before the girl could give the guard any lip , Josie stood up .
" Thanks .
We 'll call when we 're done . "
The woman nodded curtly even as her eyes lingered on Josie .
Three years had passed but people had long memories .
Josie had almost lived at Sybil Brand during the Kristin Davis trial .
She had been the poster girl for defense attorneys – get ' em out of jail whether they deserved it or not .
Law enforcement did n't care for Josie 's brand of lawyering ; Josie had n't cared for it either after Kristin .
" I said I 'll call when we 're done , " Josie reiterated .
The guard left .
Hannah did n't move .
Her hands were clasped behind her back , her shoulders twitching as if she were pumping those hands up and down .
" Where 's my mother ? "
Hannah 's angry voice was n't half as attractive as the rest of her .
Josie 's smile faded .
She had worried about calming a frightened girl , not fighting with a pissed off chick .
This was a mistake , Archer .
" Your mother 's at home , " Josie answered plainly .
She motioned to the only other chair in the room .
" Sit down . "
" Did you check ? "
Hannah stepped forward then back again , screwing with Josie .
" I saw her night before last night . "
" No , I mean did you check this morning ?
You 're sure she 's there ? "
The girl 's voice rose with agitation .
" Yes , your mother is at home .
She sent me here to help you . "
" Are you a doctor ?
I do n't need a doctor . "
Hannah cut Josie off , her expression a mix of arrogance , anger , and a bit of childish hope .
Kids like Hannah never thought anyone saw the hope .
Josie shook her head .
" My name is Josie Baylor - Bates .
I ' m a lawyer .
Now , are you going to sit down or am I going to have to call a guard to put you down . "
Those green eyes sharpened .
Hannah was n't going to give an inch and the sooner Josie took control the better .
She pointed to the chair again .
" You 've got one minute , or I ' m out of here . "
Hannah 's eyes closed briefly .
She squeezed her shoulders back .
Those hands were pumping again and then it was over .
Her body relaxed , her expression eased into something close to relief .
Throwing back her hair she reached for the chair .
Josie saw the burn ; Hannah saw Josie 's look of surprise .
From fingertip to wrist , the skin on Hannah Sheraton 's hand was swollen and mottled , red and white .
A lacy looking roadmap of darker pigment was the only reminder of what that hand used to look like .
It had been over a week since Fritz Rayburn 's death .
The injury must have been horrible if it still looked that bad .
" Does it still hurt ? "
Hannah furrowed her brow and turned her hand to the right and left , right again as she sat down .
Putting her injured hand palm down on the table , she gazed at it .
" I do n't think so . "
" You have to think about it ? "
Josie sat , too .
Hannah raised her eyes without lifting her head .
She was a demonic sprite with those eyes , that skin , her wild hair , and the piercings on her nose and ears .
Her full lips curled around her words as if casting a spell .
" Some people ca n't stand it when the wind blows too hard .
There are degrees to everything .
I do n't recognize pain .
I do n't even remember it hurting when it happened .
I did n't even cry . "
Josie pulled a pad of paper from her portfolio .
" I do n't know if that 's anything to be proud of . "
Josie noted the date and time on the top of the paper , trying to ignore the warning in her gut .
" I did n't say it was , did I ? "
Hannah 's burned hand went to her hair , grasped the longest tendril and wrapped it behind her ear .
She pulled it forward , wrapped it back and forward and stopped as suddenly as she had begun .
She put her hands under the table and looked right at Josie .
" Will you be able to paint ? "
Josie asked .
" If I ca n't paint I 'll kill myself . "
" No you wo n't .
You 're in protective custody , " Josie muttered , making a point about powerlessness that Hannah seemed to miss .
" You ca n't breathe without someone watching you .
But that does n't answer the question .
Your mother told me about your painting , and that the fire that killed your grandfather started in . . . "
" My s - t - e - p . "
Hannah spelled it out .
" Fritz was my step . "
Hannah 's hostility spike at the mention of Fritz Rayburn was n't lost on Josie .
She tried again .
" The fire that killed Fritz Rayburn started in the place you used as a studio .
Do you know anything about that ? "
Hannah came right back at her .
" Why do n't you ask me if I did it ?
Why ask me if I know anything about it ? "
" Because I want to know what you know about it , " Josie reiterated .
" If I want to know if you did it , I 'll ask you . "
" I know that the place was on fire .
I know if I wanted to burn down the house I would n't have tried to put it out , would I ?
My paintings were in there . "
From beneath the table came a light and rhythmic thumping .
Hannah leaned close to the wood , her hair spilled onto it , her anger shot toward Josie .
" I do n't know why you 're here .
Kip will get me out of jail and take care of everything .
He got me back in school when I got kicked out .
He fixed it so my mom could get into some fancy club . "
Hannah 's eyes sparkled with challenge , " Kip and Fritz fix everything . "
" Not this time , Hannah . "
Josie twirled the pen between her fingers as she listened to Hannah 's view of her world .
The truth was that sometimes saving people was n't simple , sometimes saviors were n't who you expected them to be , all people do n't get saved , and not everyone deserved to be saved .
It was time Hannah heard those facts of life .
" Look , Hannah , Fritz is dead , and if Kip were going to help you he would have done it by now .
Your mother knows that , so she sent me . "
Josie leaned forward , crossed her arms on the table and looked right into that gorgeous , defiant face .
" You are in a shit load of trouble .
Now , if you want to go home to your mother then you look at me , you talk to me , you listen to me , and you cut the crap because , believe me , this is the last place on earth I want to be . "
Hannah bit her bottom lip – a gesture so like her mother 's .
Those broiled fingers were at her hair again .
Front .
Behind .
Front .
Behind .
Over the ear once , then again .
She swished her hair and her lips moved as if she were counting .
Her eyes wandered as if Josie was no more interesting than a gnat .
Frustrated , unnerved by her surroundings , sick of this kid 's self - absorbed nonsense , Josie shot out of her chair .
Her thighs pushed the table as she reached across it and clamped down on Hannah 's wrist .
" Stop that , " she growled .
Hannah 's eyes narrowed .
She tried to jerk away .
Josie held on tight and Hannah bared her teeth .
" I ca n't .
Do you want to make something of it ? "


CHAPTER 6 Josie backed off , slowly releasing Hannah 's wrist .
She was shaking , stunned at her anger and Hannah 's admission .
" No , I do n't want to make anything of it . "
Josie sank back into her chair .
Grown women broke their first hour in this place .
Hannah Sheraton was ready to fight .
She had guts , Josie would give her that .
" So then do n't call me on it . "
Hannah slumped in her chair , resentment seeping out of her .
Her jumpsuit gaped open .
Josie could see one perfectly formed breast sans bra .
The nipple was pierced .
There was a tattoo staining her shoulder , blue / black and red .
Her hand knocked underneath the table in a maddening rhythm .
Everything about her said hard as nails but Josie did n't buy it .
There was something beyond the anger that intrigued Josie ; something in the way Hannah stood up for herself that Josie admired .
" So tell me about what you 're doing .
There is n't time for me to guess , and you do n't want the prosecution to know anything your own attorney does n't know . "
Hannah closed her eyes and kept them closed .
" I do it because that 's what I do .
I touch things twenty times .
It makes me feel safe .
I ' m obsessive / compulsive .
All the doctors say the same thing . "
Hannah 's lashes fluttered .
Her lids raised half way in an expression that was weary and guarded .
" What a waste of money .
What 's wrong with liking to know my boundaries ?
It does n't hurt anyone .
It does n't even hurt me . "
" I think I 'll wait for your doctors to tell me if you have severe behavioral problems , " Josie said .
" That 's rich .
They only know what I tell them . "
Hannah dismissed Josie only to find the ensuing , insistent silence annoying .
She filled it .
" I ' m better with doors than I used to be .
I saw you looking at me when I touched the door .
That 's why I figured you for a doctor .
You look like the kind of doctor my mother likes . "
" And what kind would that be ? "
" My mom likes women doctors .
Extreme women . "
Hannah put her burned hand to her throat and dropped the fingers down to the opening of her jumpsuit .
This was a Linda move .
Hannah was a puppy , learning all the wrong things before she was weaned .
Sensing Josie 's discomfort , Hannah teased .
" The kind of women my mom likes either hate to screw , or they screw too much .
That 's the kind of extreme they are .
She probably likes lawyers like that , too .
Which one are you ? "
Josie shook her head .
" I 've heard that word before , Hannah , so why do n't you tell me something I really want to know .
Tell me what kind of doctors Fritz liked . "
When Hannah fell silent Josie pushed on .
" Your mother said Fritz Rayburn took an interest in you .
She said he paid for some clinics and your doctors . "
Josie was n't playing Hannah 's game and Hannah was n't interested in Josie 's .
" They were just places , just people .
I do n't think he ever met any of the doctors in them .
He just sent me there . "
" How did you feel about that ? "
" Like he was sticking his nose in where it did n't belong ; like he was punishing me when I did n't do anything . "
The hair was going back and forth again but slower now as if she was seeing Fritz , hearing him , and was pissed at him .
Between the words Hannah breathed her numbers .
When she reached twenty twirls she stopped and put her burned hand on the table , always in the same place .
She was done .
" I ' m not going to talk about Fritz .
He was just in the house sometimes , that 's all .
He was a damn hypocrite always talking about the law , and justice , and art , and people falling all over him like he was better than everyone else .
Well , he was n't better , and he was n't around a lot .
So let 's not talk about Fritz . "
" How did all that make him a hypocrite , Hannah ? "
Josie pressed for information , looking for the bottom of Hannah 's resentment .
She shrugged , " I do n't know .
He thought he was above everybody .
Forget it .
Forget him . "
" That 's all anybody 's going to be talking about , so you better get that through your head .
You 're charged as an adult .
You 're going to have to start acting like one . "
Hannah shifted .
She sat up straight , still cautious but suddenly engaged .
" Okay .
I 'll be an adult .
I have some questions .
How come my mom sent you and not some guy ? "
" We went to school together , " Josie answered .
" I told her I 'd see you through the bail hearing , and then find someone to help if you go to trial . "
" Why ca n't you do it ? "
" I have n't done criminal work for a long time , " Josie said , averting her eyes .
" Not like this anyway . "
" How come ? "
" Because I have n't , " Josie retorted , peeved that this kid should insist on an answer .
" But why ? "
Hannah persisted .
" Because I was very good at it , and sometimes I got people off who should have gone to jail .
Sometimes they hurt more people .
That 's why . "
" Oh , so you 're scared , " Hannah decided .
" I made a decision not to do major criminal work any more , " Josie insisted .
" You did n't choose .
You quit .
You were scared you 'd do it again . "
Hannah smiled as if they had suddenly found a meeting ground .
Now they could be friends .
" I 'd want you to help me .
People who are scared think better .
Besides , if you choose not to do something you can choose to do it again – if the person is innocent – right ? "
Josie was n't listening to Hannah .
Another voice came out of the walls and wrapped itself around her brain in tantalizing whispers .
She had been in this room , in this place , listening to another client say the same words .
Choose me .
Help me .
I ' m innocent .
I am .
" Is n't that right ?
You can choose , right ? "
Hannah demanded , and Josie blinked .
" We 'll keep our options open , " she answered .
" Do you have any other questions ? "
Hannah eyed Josie , checking out every twitch , every evasion , and every noncommittal statement .
Then she started to probe .
" Do you know my mom really well ? "
" I did a long time ago . "
" Did you know she gave up being a pro volleyball player so she could have me ? "
Josie inclined her head .
Josie did n't care about that little bit of fiction , but she noted the point of it : Hannah the child wanted to be life - changingly important to her mother .
That was something Josie understood better than anyone on earth .
In Hannah 's case she probably had been , just not the way she thought .
" So , are you sure Kip is n't going to do something for me ? "
Hannah suddenly demanded .
" Yes , I am . "
Hannah nodded .
Her fingers were tapping .
Twenty .
Then her left hand covered her right and stroked the mottled skin .
Twenty .
Josie 's muscles tightened in annoyance .
It was hard to watch , this lack of self - control .
" There 's another question . "
Hannah said finally .
" I want to know if you think I ' m crazy ? "
Josie eyed her coolly and answered honestly .
" I do n't know .
I have n't talked to your doctor . "
" I mean from what you 've seen ?
Counting and touching stuff .
Do you think that 's crazy ? "
The tapping began again .
" No , that does n't fit the legal description of insanity if that 's what you 're asking . "
" Are you sure ? "
Restless and troubled , Hannah 's hands moved a mile a minute .
" Why would you want me to think you 're crazy , Hannah ?
Why would you want anyone to think that ? "
Josie asked , trying to read between Hannah 's lines .
" Because if I was crazy they could n't say I murdered Fritz , could they ? "
Josie finally got it .
This girl was thinking ahead , figuring ways to get herself out of this predicament .
Her permutations were flawed , but Josie found the exercise to be extraordinarily clear headed for someone so young .
She had done the same thing when her mother disappeared ; planned her own destiny , planned how to find Emily .
In the end Josie failed to find her mother and learned that destiny had a will of its own .
If nothing else , Josie understood and empathized with Hannah Sheraton .
When she spoke again , Josie committed herself more deeply than she intended .
" Hannah , " Josie said evenly .
" I want you to listen to me very carefully .
I can review the information the District Attorney has , and try to get the charges dismissed .
If I ca n't make that happen , you will be indicted for murder .
Then you 'll have a choice : plead guilty , plead to a lesser charge , or we can fight .
" If we fight do n't think for me .
Do n't try to beat this system on your own because it ca n't be done .
Knocking on wood and twirling your hair does n't constitute an insanity defense .
Do you understand that ? "
Hannah listened , thinking hard , weighing the worth of Josie 's advice against that of other adults she knew .
Finally she made a decision .
Slowly she brought her hands from under the table , unbuttoned the cuffs on her jumpsuit and deliberately rolled up her sleeves – ten rolls each .
Twenty in all .
Hannah held up her arms .
At first Josie 's eyes were drawn to her hands .
Then she saw what Hannah was offering .
On the delicate skin of her forearms was a web of scars and welts , red scratches and deep cuts , some viciously fresh .
Josie took a deep breath and forced herself not to look away .
" Does this count for crazy ? "
Hannah asked , holding out what she considered to be her ticket to freedom .
" No , Hannah .
It does n't count for crazy . "
Josie whispered .
Hannah 's expression changed , the hope drained away , the light in her eyes dimmed .
She did n't seem as much disappointed as sadly accepting .
Lowering her arms Hannah rolled her sleeves down , buttoned the cuffs , buried her hands beneath the table and started knocking the underside again .
One , two , three . . .ten . . .twenty .


CHAPTER 7 Archer : " So ?
How 'd it go ? "
Josie : " She needs help . "
Archer : " And ? "
Josie : " Bail hearing 's tomorrow . "
Archer : " You going to be there ? "
Josie : " Yeah . "
Archer : " Sounds good , Jo .
' Nite , babe . "
Josie : " Nite , Archer . "
There were no halls of justice in trailer C , department 32 of the Superior Court , the Honorable Judith Davenport presiding .
There were , in fact , no halls at all .
Hannah was scheduled to be arraigned in Santa Monica but the actual courthouse was overcrowded .
The proceedings would take place in one of the modular units the state had plopped in the middle of the parking lot in an effort to solve the problem .
Unfortunately , while that had been a practical decision it sorely undermined the dignity of the court .
Still , it was what Hannah Sheraton drew .
Josie had no doubt that if it came to an actual trial The People v .
Hannah Sheraton in the matters of arson and murder would be played out on a much finer stage .
It was early .
Half a dozen cars were scattered over the asphalt parking lot .
Beyond the fence that separated court property from the West LA police station cops were changing the guard .
Black and whites pulled in and out .
Tired officers went home ; fresh ones hit the streets .
A roach coach was doing a brisk business in breakfast burritos and bad coffee .
Checking her watch , Josie hurried past a woman dragging a two year old behind her , a couple of attorneys conferring by a green Mercedes , and two marshals before opening the metal door to Department 32 .
It closed with a thud .
The walls wobbled .
This was a judicial trailer park hoping for a bureaucratic tornado to wipe it out .
Still , there were things that made Department 32 feel just like every other courtroom : a Court TV camera , a jar of candy on the clerk 's desk , an empty jury box , and the seal of the state hanging behind the bench .
But there was one thing missing : people .
Josie thought the place would have been packed .
Instead , she tagged only the AP and the LA Times reporters .
A young blond man sat in the back .
He was too well dressed to be a court watcher , and too relaxed to be the prosecutor .
Linda was up front alone .
If this was all the public interest the DA could muster , that was a good thing .
Josie shrugged into her jacket then walked down the aisle toward Linda .
They had been on the phone for over an hour last night discussing Hannah 's history , and what the family was willing to do to secure bail .
Josie touched Linda 's shoulder and motioned her to move over .
Linda looked up , gratitude plastered on her face like an extra layer of make - up .
" I was worried .
I thought maybe I was in the wrong place . "
Linda kept her voice low .
" How long have you been here ? "
Josie asked .
" Half an hour .
Seems like forever . "
Self - consciously Linda touched her hair .
It was pulled straight up and gathered into a sleek knot on top of her head .
On her ears were diamond hoops .
She was nervous but controlled , a far cry from the woman of a few nights ago .
They would have to talk about clothes if this went to trial .
The last thing Josie wanted was for Hannah and Linda to look like escapees from Rodeo Drive .
" Is your husband coming ? "
" No , he could n't make it .
He had a meeting .
But he wanted to .
He did . "
Josie nodded , understanding it was futile to hope Kip Rayburn would stand by Hannah .
Josie shifted closer to Linda .
" There 's a camera in the back of the courtroom .
Do n't react to anything you hear during the proceedings .
If you have a question , let me know about it when we 're out of here , okay ? "
Linda nodded .
Josie started to get up .
Linda grabbed her .
" What about you ?
Are you okay ?
I mean I know you did n't want to do this . "
Josie slipped her hand from Linda 's .
" Everything is fine .
Do n't worry , " Josie assured her .
Just then the back door opened .
Rudy Klein , Deputy District attorney had arrived .
It was time to go .
Rudy and Josie passed through the bar together .
" It 's been a long time , Rudy , " she said .
" Not long enough , " he muttered .
They took to their respective tables .
Things moved quickly after that .
The door to chambers opened .
Her honor , Judge Judith Davenport , was announced .
Everyone stood .
The court was called to order .
There was a millisecond of silence before Hannah Sheraton , still dressed in orange , was led into the room .
This time she was buttoned up to the chin .


CHAPTER 8 Hannah looked exactly as Josie hoped she would : stunned , vulnerable and innocent .
That was good .
Fear could be very useful when your client was arrogant , disturbed and young .
Her hands were cuffed making it impossible for her to twirl her hair .
The space reserved for the accused was too wide for her to touch a wall .
Her hands rose and fell in frustration ; she connected with nothing .
Panic showed in the way she licked her lips , the way her eyes searched for , and found , her mother .
Josie glanced at Rudy Klein in time to see a shadow of regret pass over his face .
Their eyes locked .
He was younger than she , but not by much .
He had cut his prosecutorial teeth on the Kristin Davis case as a pinch hitter , and Rudy had given Josie a good run .
Today he was a surprise , a challenge .
She wished the prosecutor had been a stranger .
Josie looked away .
Her palms were moist , her heartbeat noticeable .
It had been too long since she 'd been responsible for someone 's whole life .
She was afraid .
But there was no turning back now so Josie faced the bench .
It was time to play .
" Good morning .
Call the case of the People v .
Hannah Sheraton . "
Judge Davenport planted her elbows on the desk , clasped her hands and gave them permission to touch gloves .
" Counsels ? "
Rudy Klein and Josie Baylor - Bates identified themselves .
Davenport gave the nod to Josie who waived the reading of the complaint .
Everyone knew why they were there .
Davenport swiveled toward Hannah .
All eyes followed .
" How do you plead ? "
" Not guilty . "
Hannah looked past Josie to Linda and something passed between mother and daughter .
Assurances .
Strength .
Commitment .
Whatever it was , Hannah was overwhelmed by it .
She swayed slightly , closed her eyes briefly , and then looked at Josie .
She gave Hannah an encouraging nod , knowing whatever she did could never match what a mother had to offer .
Davenport was on to business .
" So recorded .
If there are no objections , I 'll set a date for a preliminary hearing eight days from today .
That will be on – " " Your Honor , " Rudy interrupted , " the prosecution will be proceeding directly to the grand jury for indictment . "
Stoned faced , Josie kept her surprise to herself .
A grand jury indictment meant that Hannah could be bound over for trial without her defense attorney being privy to the prosecution 's case .
Not a good thing .
" When is the grand jury scheduled to meet , Mr . Klein ? "
" In three days , Judge , " Rudy answered .
" We 're already scheduled . "
" Your Honor , I 'd like for the D.A. to present any exculpatory evidence to the grand jury and save the defense , this court , and the taxpayers time and money , " Josie argued .
" If there were any evidence to exonerate Ms . Sheraton we would n't be here . "
Rudy smiled brilliantly .
Josie ignored him .
She 'd seen his act before : handsome and boyish , nice suit , charm the pants off everyone within spitting distance .
An ex - actor who decided being a lawyer was better than playing one , Rudy Klein had a perfect stage presence , a prosecutor 's conviction , and a good mind to boot .
" Very well , then .
Notify my clerk immediately if the grand jury indicts .
Do either of you have any other business ? "
Josie was about to speak when Davenport furrowed her brow and directed her peevishness in the general direction of Josie 's camp .
" Bailiff , what is that noise ? "
All eyes went to Josie and , not finding the answer to that question , segued toward Hannah .
She had closed in on the wood and glass partition , hungry to make contact with something .
Her knuckles drummed and knocked against the wood .
Her wide lips parted as if she were blowing on a candle as she breathed the count , comforted in her recital , removed from this place and these proceedings .
Embarrassed to be caught napping , the bailiff took Hannah 's arm and moved her back .
Like an animal disturbed in sleep Hannah bristled but Josie caught her eye .
Hannah stepped back but , unable to control herself , she lunged forward again .
The bailiff held her tight .
" Apologies , Your Honor , " Josie said to the court .
" My client suffers from obsessive / compulsive disorder and has been under a psychiatrists care for some time .
In order for her to continue her treatment , I would like to arrange for bail at this time . "
Rudy was right there .
" Judge this woman set a devastating fire that resulted in Fritz Rayburn 's death .
This is a woman with a long history of drug and alcohol abuse . . . "
Josie cut in , demanding the judge 's attention .
" This is a young girl who has been under a doctor 's care .
We will report on her rehabilitation as a condition of her bail .
And , I might add , Ms . Sheraton has been wrongly detained .
She was , in fact , burned in her attempt to put out the fire that occurred at the Rayburn home .
The prosecutor should save his opening statement for the appropriate time , when he has an appreciative audience . "
" And Ms . Bates should n't jump to conclusions , Your Honor .
The defendant is unreliable .
She has not been a willing participant in her own rehabilitation .
In July of two thousand and two she escaped from the Forman Rehabilitation Center in Oregon . "
" If it pleases the court , " Josie drawled in disgust .
" The Froman Rehabilitation center in Oregon is not a prison facility .
She was n't in custody when she entered , and she was not on the lam when she left . "
Rudy was still reciting Hannah 's transgressions as if he had Davenport 's ear since the first minute he opened his mouth .
" In September of two thousand and three Ms . Sheraton was AWOL from another clinic in Northern California .
As recently as six months ago , the defendant was apprehended in San Diego just before reaching the Mexican border .
In her company was one Miggy Estrada who had an extensive juvenile record and two arrests since his eighteenth birthday .
They had stolen her stepfather 's car .
In short , Ms . Sheraton is a flight risk , Your Honor . "
Josie came back seamlessly into the argument .
" I can bring two thousand files into this court on Los Angeles teenagers who have been joyriding .
Ms .
Sheraton holds no passport .
Her driver 's license has been revoked .
She is , at worst , high - strung – much like the prosecutor , who seems prone to melodrama . "
" And the defense is naïve , taken in by the defendant .
She is not giving enough weight to her client 's actions , " Rudy responded .
" Ms .
Bates should have learned something from her previous experience . "
" That is a cheap shot and irrelevant .
We are talking about my client 's alleged actions , " Josie argued angrily , " there is still the burden of proof , and I do n't shoulder that particular burden . "
" We are talking about the death of a California Supreme Court justice . "
Rudy talked over her .
" Who died in this tragic fire should be of no consequence to this court 's final decision .
Determining whether or not my client is eligible for bail is this court 's only business . "
" There is no need to tell this court its job , Ms . Bates , " Judge Davenport snapped .
" And both of you seem to prefer arguing at each other rather than convincing me of the matter at hand .
I would suggest you behave and get on with it .
I have a full calendar . "
Josie took a deep breath .
This was n't like her .
She felt like a child pointing a finger at a playmate .
He started it .
In years past she had been smoother , more self - assured .
In the beach court she was downright laid back .
Her nerves were showing .
She had reacted badly when she should have steered the argument .
That was n't good .
When she spoke again it was with a modulated voice , and eyes that did not dart toward Rudy .
" I ' m sorry , Your Honor .
But the question of bail is clear .
Since the fire at the Pacific Palisades home the defendant 's family has moved to Malibu .
Flight is more than difficult given the isolation of the property .
If Mr . Klein is that skittish , we 'll submit to court ordered home monitoring .
The Rayburns will pay the fee and allow the prosecution access to the reporting so Mr . Klein can sleep at night . "
Josie stepped out from behind the defense table , a confident calm coming over her as the territory became more and more familiar .
" I would further like to make a motion that the court considers a change of venue .
The press coverage will be extraordinary in Los Angeles making it difficult to pick a jury .
A move to Ventura County might be preferable . "
" Oh , please .
Your Honor ! "
Rudy 's hands were raised in a gesture of amazement .
" This is ridiculous .
In this case , who the victim is does matter .
Justice Rayburn served all of California , and all media will give equal weight to covering the story . "
Judith Davenport had heard enough .
Her clerk handed her a note .
She glanced at it , folded it , and wrapped up the matter of The People v .
Hannah Sheraton .
" You 're right , Mr . Klein .
The motion to change venue is denied .
Deal with the press as you see fit , Ms . Bates .
As to the bail request , there is a difference between someone leaving a private institution and fleeing the jurisdiction .
Bail is set at a million dollars .
I wo n't require monitoring , but let me be clear .
If your client so much as brushes up against the line of the restrictions of her bail she will be back to square one .
No second chances .
Understand , Ms . Bates ? "
" Yes , Your Honor .
Her family is willing to take full responsibility . "
" I hope they keep their eyes open . "
Davenport raised a brow as if to say the alternative was n't pretty .
What happened to good old Fritz was top of every judge 's mind these days .
None of them would want Hannah under their roof .
" One last item , Your Honor . "
Josie raised her hand .
" I would like to request that Mr . Klein bring forward any eyewitnesses he has to the alleged arson . "
" So ordered , Mr . Klein . "
The judge intoned .
" We have no such witnesses , Judge , " Rudy responded .
" If that circumstance changes , the order stands .
Advise the court and arrange for a line - up .
Are we finished ? "
They were .
Rudy packed up and walked out without another word to Josie .
Hannah disappeared with the bailiff , a young man with long , dark hair stood in her place .
Linda stood up and fell in step with Josie .
" I knew you could do it , " Linda said under her breath .
She clutched Josie 's arm , holding her tight .
" Did n't I say you could do it ? "
" It 's only the first step .
There 's a long way to go .
The grand jury . . . "
Josie 's eyes stayed on Rudy 's back longer than she realized .
She was curious about his vehemence .
It seemed he was taking Hannah 's case personally .
" But I can take her home now , right ? "
Linda tugged on Josie 's arm .
Josie nodded , attentive to Linda as they left the courthouse together .
Josie ? "
Linda asked as she reached for her sunglasses once they were outside .
" Do you think someone saw who set the fire ?
Is that why you asked about a witness ? "
" No .
It 's a standard question .
I did n't really think they had anyone . "
Josie dug for her keys and kept talking .
" But they have something ; otherwise they would n't be taking this to the grand jury . "
" Is that a problem ? "
" It means there wo n't be a pretrial hearing .
That mean 's the grand jury votes to indict based on what Rudy tells them .
There is no chance to present a defense case .
I do n't like it . "
" I did n't think they had an eyewitness , " Linda mused , seemingly relieved .
" The house is so far off the street .
It was so late .
Everybody 's got security patrols . "
" I 'd actually prefer an eyewitness .
I 'd have someone to discredit . "
Josie took a deep breath .
She smiled her reassurance .
" Look , I ' m not even conceding the fire was deliberately set , but I have to assume the prosecutor 's solid on that . "
" Hey , Josie . "
Huddled together , Josie had n't seen the AP reporter until she was right on top of them .
" Nice to see you back in the thick of things , Josie .
What 's your take on the charges ? "
" You mean other than wondering if the District Attorney has lost his mind ? "
Josie laughed and then gave the reporter something to work with .
" Top of my head , I 'd say the D.A. has tunnel vision .
Hannah Sheraton was n't alone in the house that night .
Mrs .
Rayburn and her husband were home .
They had entertained that evening and their guests stayed late .
The maid was in the house .
Her son had been by earlier .
The caterer had two employees with him .
If the fire was deliberately set – and that 's a big if – I could probably make a case against any one of them . "
" Who looks good to you ? "
Josie wagged a finger .
" I ' m not playing that game .
I ' m only telling you my client had nothing to do with Fritz Rayburn 's death . "
Ending the interview , Josie took Linda 's arm only to stop when the reporter called after them .
" Josie , what do you say to those who might wonder if your opinion is reliable when it comes to your client 's innocence ?
Considering the Davis case , and all . "
Josie turned around slowly .
Her gaze was steady .
The bright morning light caught her hard on one side of her face so that she appeared divided , black and white .
" I say Hannah Sheraton is a young girl who is to be afforded all the protection of the law including a vigorous defense .
I intend to make sure she gets it no matter who speaks for her in court . "
" Does that mean you wo n't be – " Josie turned her back .
There would be no more questions from anyone .
Rudy Klein had n't left and Josie wanted to have a few words with him .
" Linda , get Hannah home .
Tell her she did good today . "
Josie strode across the parking lot .
She called to Rudy Klein as he was hanging his jacket in the back of the car , looking for his keys , getting on to the next piece of business .
He turned and watched her approach .
His handsome face was impassive , his eyes imminently readable .
The message was clear .
He did n't particularly care for Josie Baylor - Bates , and that surprised her .
They hardly knew one another .
She had n't given him a second thought since the Davis trial .
" That was quite a show you put on in there .
A little harsh , do n't you think ? "
Josie smiled , knowing the ice needed to be broken .
Unfortunately , it was rock solid .
" I would have gone for special circumstances and the death penalty , " Rudy said flatly .
" But the D.A. did n't want to take a chance there would be any sympathy for this kid . "
" That 's a little harsh even for John Cooper .
If he 's trying to curry favor with Governor Davidson by showing he 's got balls of steel , he might as well forget it .
John Cooper wo n't get Rayburn 's seat even if he burned my client at the stake . "
Rudy slammed the back door of his car and opened the front .
He hung on it for a minute , shaking his head .
" Boy , you have n't changed a bit .
Always looking for the angle , are n't you ?
John Cooper has been prosecuting juvenile felons as adults since he took office .
Cruelty has nothing to do with chronology just the same way chronology does n't have anything to do with innocence .
Or did you miss that during your last trial ? "
" Kristin Davis was n't my last trial . "
" Really ?
I did n't know you were still practicing .
I thought you crawled into a hole and stayed there . "
Rudy put on his sunglasses .
" Now that we 're clear on the DA 's motivation for prosecuting this girl , is there anything else you wanted ? "
" A deal , " Josie said , surprised he took his failure during the Davis trial so hard .
He had stepped in when the original Deputy D.A. suffered a heart attack .
It was late in the game and Josie was in the end zone .
Rudy did his best , he had done it brilliantly , but it was too little , too late .
Josie won .
Six months later Kristin was at her murderous best again and Josie realized she no longer had the stomach for defending those who should have been indefensible .
Rudy , it seemed , did n't look at the adversarial system quite so objectively .
He carried his disappointment with him like a ball and chain .
Victory was n't exactly an easy burden but it was something Josie dealt with .
The chip on his shoulder was beginning to piss her off but it was n't exactly relevant right now .
" Forget it . "
He started to get into the car .
" Are you sure you do n't want to think about that ? "
Josie stopped him .
" You led with your best shot and I still got her bailed .
That should tell you something .
If you 're going to charge her as an adult , then give her the same break as an adult .
You plea people out all the time for worse than this . "
Rudy turned around slowly .
The car door was between them .
" Fine .
Twenty - five to life , no parole before eighteen . "
" That 's ridiculous , " Josie scoffed .
" You might as well ask for the max on all counts and make them consecutive . "
" That 's exactly what I intend to do .
The investigators pegged this as arson an hour after they knocked down that blaze .
She 's guilty . "
" That 's not enough for murder , " Josie argued .
Rudy crossed his arms over the top of the door .
" Then how about this , Bates ?
Fritz Rayburn sustained a skull fracture .
Your girl hit him under the chin hard enough to send him flying .
Hit his head on the side of the bed frame and split his skull . "
" Did you see my client ? "
she asked .
" Do you think she could hit a grown man hard enough to do that ? "
" I 've seen women beat up men twice their size and so have you . "
" Then I say it 's internal bleeding from the fall that killed him .
That 's not second - degree murder .
I might give you assault if you can prove Hannah hit him .
But murder ?
Forget it . "
" I could probably make a case for first degree , " he said quietly .
" Justice Rayburn did n't die from the head injury .
He was still alive when the fires were set .
Hannah Sheraton killed Fritz Rayburn when she could have helped him .
She set those fires knowing he would burn to death .
Just one of those special little touches your female clients seem to like . "
Josie barely breathed .
They stared at one another , Josie silenced for a minute by his rancor .
Her throat was dry .
The sun seemed to have distorted her vision .
Josie swayed ever so slightly but Rudy did n't reach out to steady her .
He knew what she was thinking .
How could a sixteen year old possibly be so vicious ?
How could it happen again ?
Finding her voice , Josie said : " Someone killed him Rudy .
Do n't forget that .
There could be someone else . "
" Not this time , Josie .
That girl assaulted the judge earlier in the evening .
There was a witness .
Rayburn told the witness he was going to talk to Hannah later . "
" And who 's the eyewitness to that meeting ? "
Josie drawled .
" You 've got nothing but circumstantial evidence . "
" And there 's a reason circumstantial evidence is admissible , Bates . "
Rudy pushed away from the door .
" I 'll send over the discovery .
You take a look and see what you think about your client then . "
He slid into the driver 's seat and was about to close the door .
Josie held on to it .
She rounded the open door and stood between him and the sun .
She was nothing but a silhouette and he looked at her as if he could see through her .
" You still have n't answered the million dollar question , Rudy .
Why would she want to hurt that old man ? "
" Since when do your clients need a motive , Bates ? "
he asked , pulling on the door handle .
Josie pulled back and kept it open .
The metal was hot on her hand .
" Wait a minute .
I want to know what this is all about .
I want to know if you 're going to dump on Hannah Sheraton because you 're mad I got Kristin Davis off . "
Rudy shook his head .
" No , I ' m not mad at you .
I think defense attorneys like you are pitiful .
You sell out .
You create a maze of evidence and argument to help criminals , but you never acknowledge the victims . "
Rudy looked away .
" I ' m mad at myself .
I should have put Kristin Davis away before it was too late .
I ' m going to make sure I do n't make the same mistake this time . "
" It 's not the same , " Josie insisted .
" How can you be sure , Bates ? "
He closed the car door with a slam and looked at her through the open window .
" How could you live with yourself if you were wrong again ? "
* * * Josie peeled off her jacket and slapped it into the backseat of the Jeep .
She threw her briefcase in after .
Goddamn Rudy Klein thought he had a lock on conscience ?
The hell with him .
How dare he judge her ?
Or her motives .
Or Hannah 's innocence .
She pulled herself into the Jeep and snapped on the ignition .
The radio blared .
Josie flipped it off , threw the car into reverse , and swung out of the parking space .
She shifted into drive and curved around to the gate , only to slam on the brakes .
" Jeez ! "
She slapped the steering wheel .
A truck blocked the exit , the blazing sun was fueling her anger , and all she wanted to do was get back to the office and talk this out with Faye .
It was too late to put up the ragtop , so Josie reached in the back seat for her baseball cap .
Her hand was on it but her eyes were on something else .
Linda Rayburn was in her car ; her head was back .
She had loosened her hair so that it fell over her shoulders .
Her arm was held out the window and there was a cigarette dangling between her fingers .
She was talking to someone sitting beside her .
Josie looked closer , trying to see who it was .
Perhaps Kip Rayburn had arrived late but Josie doubted it .
This man was too young to be her husband .
As Josie watched , Linda sat up .
She leaned forward intensely interested in what her companion was saying when she should have been gone long ago , rushing to bring Hannah home .
The passenger door of Linda 's car opened .
The man got out .
Josie strained to see .
It was the young , blond man who had been in the back of the courtroom .
He was still leaning into the car as Linda turned toward him .
A horn honked .
Startled , Josie looked ahead .
The truck had moved .
There were cars behind her .
Josie tore her eyes away from Linda , grabbed her baseball cap , put it on her head , and put her hands on the wheel .
Josie Baylor - Bates eased into the left lane and merged onto Santa Monica Boulevard .
It was n't even ten o' clock .


CHAPTER 9 Linda Rayburn shivered , but it had nothing to do with the air - conditioning in the waiting area at Sybil Brand , it had to do with her imagination .
She had n't seen past the steel door that separated the waiting area from the prison but Linda knew what was there and it made her sick .
For three days Hannah got up when she was told , went to bed when she was told , ate when and what she was told .
She wore that ugly jumpsuit and slept under a coarse blanket .
The real world was n't just far away , it was forbidden .
Linda was imagining herself behind that door when it suddenly opened .
She stood up , hands together , sweat beading on her upper lip .
What would she say to Hannah ?
How would they get through the next moments ?
But the woman who came out was n't young and beautiful .
Her hair was chopped off at the ears , her face pock marked , and her skin leathery .
She looked at Linda with flat eyes , unimpressed by the tall lady with the fancy clothes .
Linda looked away .
She could have been that woman if she had n't been smart enough , talented enough , and tenacious enough to change everything .
Shaking her head , Linda walked toward the back of the room , then turned on her heel and retraced her steps .
The window in the center of the steel door was laced with chicken wire .
She paced off the waiting room , empty except for the long row of molded plastic yellow chairs bolted to the floor around the perimeter of the room .
Just when Linda thought she could n't take another minute , the door opened again and there stood Hannah dressed in the clothes she 'd worn when she was arrested .
Linda mewled , making a sound that translated into anxiety , relief , and apology .
" Mom ? "
Hannah 's arms pumped .
Linda did n't move .
Scared now , Hannah 's arms went faster .
She pleaded , " Mom ? "
Hesitantly , Linda stepped forward then rushed across the room , gathering the girl into her arms , nearly crushing her .
She held Hannah back , pushed at her hair , and touched her cheek .
Then Linda pulled her close again .
Hannah held on tight , her arms wrapped around her mother .
Linda felt the patting and counted to twenty .
Then it started again , and again Hannah counted to twenty .
Linda clung to her daughter and buried her face in the wild frizz of Hannah 's hair .
" Oh , baby .
You did so good .
So good .
" Linda whispered her assurances over and over again , but when she looked again she saw the door .
It opened two ways .
It let women in and it let women out .
Quickly Linda Rayburn turned her daughter away from it and headed to the exit .
" We 're out of here , and we 're not coming back . "
" Promise ? "
Hannah asked as they walked free , out into the bright sunlight .
Linda did n't answer .
It was hard to talk when she heard the quiver in her daughter 's voice , and felt Hannah 's hands holding tight to her clothes like she used to when she was small .
Promise ?
How could she ?
No matter how much she wanted to , Linda Rayburn could n't do that .
Not with what she knew .
* * * " That was Alex Schaeffer . "
Ian Frank hung up the phone and leaned back in his chair .
Kip Rayburn kept looking out the floor to ceiling windows of Ian 's office .
To the casual viewer he might look pensive .
Truth of the matter was he felt sick .
He was afraid to hear what Alex Schaeffer wanted .
He hated the fact that some kid was the Governor 's mouthpiece and another kid , his stepdaughter , might stand between him and an appointment .
The last thing he wanted Ian Frank to see was his fear .
Finally , he took a deep breath and turned around .
" What ?
I ' m sorry , Ian .
What did you say ? "
Ian almost smiled .
After all these years Kip was still inept at playing his hand .
Not that it mattered .
Kip had his uses .
If the truth be told , Ian almost preferred the son to the father .
The son was less complicated , more malleable , smart without being too smart , and Kip was just desirous enough of success to know he would never get it on his own .
" I said that was Alex Schaeffer on the phone .
He was at the bail hearing this morning .
He talked to Linda after the hearing . "
Kip wandered over to a chair and sat down .
He crossed his legs .
His arms crossed over his chest .
He 'd stay that way until he was satisfied all was well .
It took a lot to make Kip Rayburn relax .
" What did he say ? "
" Hannah 's bailed .
Linda went to get her .
They should be home by three .
The prosecution is taking it to the grand jury , but Alex is feeling good that there wo n't be an indictment .
He thinks the bail is a good sign . "
" Is he a lawyer ? "
Kip asked .
" Nope , a politician 's paid eyes and ears .
Those guys understand nuance .
That 's their job .
He 's got a good feeling . "
Kip sat silently .
His arms were no longer crossed over his chest .
Instead they rested on the arms of the chair .
He was feeling better , but Ian knew he still needed reassurance .
" Kip , it 's okay .
The governor was very clear that Hannah 's problems wo n't derail the nomination if you handle them the right way . "
" I should n't have to handle them at all , " Kip grumbled .
His eyes slid toward Ian .
" What would you do ?
I mean if you were me . "
" I guess first thing I 'd do is figure out if I thought she was guilty .
I 'd have a tough time even looking at someone who did that to my father , " Ian answered truthfully .
His gaze met Kip 's head on and he revised that thought .
He was , after all , talking about Fritz .
" But , that 's something you 'll have to deal with personally .
Next thing I 'd do is act judicial . "
" Meaning ? "
" Think about it .
How does a judge comport himself ? "
" I do n't know , Ian .
Why do n't you tell me ? "
Kip snapped .
" Well he does n't act like a spoiled kid , for one thing .
And do n't start with me for another , " Ian answered coolly .
" I ' m not your father and all I care about is the health of this firm .
If you want my help and support during your confirmation , I would suggest you listen .
Be proactive , or Hannah 's troubles will overshadow your opportunities . "
Kip swung out of the chair and paced .
" I do n't want anyone looking into my private life , or Fritz 's .
I do n't want them looking into my business . "
" Do n't worry about it .
Business is totally irrelevant to what 's going on , " Ian insisted .
" If you hide away , though , people will ask questions . "
" And if I show my face people will ask questions . "
Ian threw up his hands , " Kip , come on .
Do n't think what could happen ; decide what you want to happen .
If you answer questions then you control the spin .
You 've got to make a pre - emptive strike because the sooner Hannah is out of the public eye , the sooner she 'll be forgotten , your father will be forgotten , and you can get on with your life .
Only you can make that happen . "
Ian Frank smiled as Kip Rayburn 's eyes lit up – finally .
" So you 're saying – " " Have a game plan .
Ask yourself what you can do to make this disappear faster .
There 's no upside to dragging this out like a civil matter . "
Kip 's fingers drummed on the arms of the chair as he thought .
" If there 's a trial ? "
" Assist Hannah 's attorney .
Give her what she needs to wrap it up fast . "
" If there 's no trial ? "
" Send the kid to boarding school .
Once she 's eighteen she 's on her own , " Ian said , opening his hands as if he had the world between them .
" Unless Linda would object . "
" Linda ? "
Kip cocked his head as if he had just heard something disturbing .
" Linda has been very protective . "
" Okay , work that out later .
For now be supportive , talk about your faith in the law and do what you can to expedite this .
The key word is expedite .
Do that , and Hannah Sheraton is nothing but a memory . "
Ian rested his cheek on an upturned hand and smiled .
" Expedite , expedite .
Expedite the matter of Hannah Sheraton . "
* * * " Hi .
Good morning , Ms . Bates . "
The new receptionist grinned as Josie came through the door .
She was a coat tree of a girl : all skin and bones , hard angles and points .
Anorexia would have been the logical assumption if Tiffany was n't constantly munching , eating , tasting and sipping .
Today it was a tall Frappacino and pizza bagel .
" Tiffany , I want you to call me Josie .
Got it ?
Josie . "
Tiffany grinned and nodded while Josie collected her message slips .
There was only one , and Tiffany gave the audio version while Josie read .
" Mr .
Fistonich called and said he 'd be in the neighborhood and could sign his living will any time .
No problem . "
She stopped for a breath and a bite .
" I think he likes you . "
" I like him , too , " Josie muttered .
" Call him back and tell him it 's ready .
Check with Angie so she can be available as a witness .
Whatever time this afternoon is good with me . "
" Okay . "
Tiffany made a note and took another huge bite of her bagel .
Josie crinkled her nose .
" You do n't do that when anyone is waiting , do you ? "
She raised her chin indicating the bagel that had just disappeared into the receptionist 's mouth .
Tiffany shook her head and put her fingertips over her lips ; too polite to speak when it was full .
" Is Faye here ? "
Tiffany nodded , swallowed hard and said : " Yes .
She wants to see you the min . . . "
Josie was already gone , stopping in Angie 's office to ask her to open a file on Hannah Sheraton , putting her briefcase in her own office , heading down the hall to Faye 's , and dropping into one of the client chairs .
" Boy , am I glad you 're back .
I have had one miserable morning . "
" Funny , I heard you had a great morning in Santa Monica . "
Faye set aside her work and took off her glasses .
She looked tired – or worried .
" I got a call from Marge Sterling at the AP .
Then a man named Wobley from the Times got on the horn .
They wanted a comment regarding your representation of a girl accused of murdering Fritz Rayburn . "
" What did you tell them ? "
Josie asked .
" I told them the firm had no comment and would issue a statement when it was appropriate .
So , " Faye opened her hands , inviting Josie to fill her up with information .
" What happened between the time I left Friday night to see my grandchild , and this morning ?
Leaving me a message that you were helping out an old friend whose daughter was in trouble was n't exactly on target . "
" That 's what I was doing . "
" And you did n't think to mention that this had to do with Justice Rayburn ? "
" It was a bail hearing , " Josie insisted , knowing she should have given Faye a head 's up .
There was only one reason she did n't .
If she failed , she did n't want Faye to know .
" A bail hearing does n't take all morning , " Faye pointed out .
" I talked to the prosecutor about a deal .
I thought I could make it go away . "
" And could you ? "
" No . " Josie shook her head .
She looked at her short nails .
Her fingertips were calloused from tile work .
She dropped her hand , and when she looked at Faye her expression was one of frustration and confusion , anger and concern .
" I have a history with the prosecutor .
I ' m not his favorite person . "
Josie sat up and forward , resting her elbows on her knees .
" He thinks I knew Kristin Davis was guilty when I defended her .
He thinks I only cared about winning . "
" What 's that got to do with this girl ? "
Faye asked .
Josie 's blue eyes rested thoughtfully on a midpoint over Faye 's shoulder .
" He wants a pound of flesh to make up for Kristin . "
" Is that what you want ?
To make up for Kristin ? "
" Maybe . "
Josie 's gaze met Faye 's .
" Maybe a little of this is making up because Kristin 's kids died because of me .
I do n't carry it around the way Rudy does , but I think about it .
I dream about it .
When he laid into me , I wondered what I was doing with Hannah Sheraton .
I mean , is she just a challenge ?
Is the case a challenge ?
Is that what I was doing there this morning , or was I trying to make amends ? "
Faye leaned her cheek on an upturned palm for a second , and then laced her hands in front of her .
" To tell you the truth , Josie , I do n't care why you were there .
I care that you were . "
Faye sighed .
She looked disappointed .
" Three years ago you swore you just wanted to be part of a quiet , neighborhood law practice and now it seems that 's not what you want at all .
I 've always said you had wide discretion when it came to clients , but I also assumed that you would do me the courtesy of consulting me if what you were doing would impact this firm . "
" Everything I do impacts this firm , Faye , and I think all of it has been good .
Is n't that why you left me the partnership papers to sign Friday ? "
" Do n't play games , Josie .
You argued for bail , and I had two reporters call for statements .
I ' m not some yokel .
I know this is just the beginning .
Thirty years ago I may have enjoyed the attention , but not now . "
Faye took a deep breath .
She was n't happy .
" We help real people .
Some of them are women running away from bad situations .
Some of our clients are old .
Most are just plain happy being in this small town .
Do you think they 'll feel comfortable with the press crawling all over this case ?
Do you think our clients are going to like it when they see your picture on the five o' clock news , or they ca n't get hold of you because you 're in court for weeks , instead of hours ? "
Josie 's fingers went to her lips again but she stopped short of biting her nails .
She had n't done that since she was fourteen .
" You 're right .
Everything happened so fast , " Josie mused .
" I understand the lure of old times and old challenges .
Look , you 're an athlete , Josie .
Sport is n't only a physical thing .
Once you get wrapped around this you wo n't quit until you 've won . "
Josie wriggled her fingers .
She made a fist before flexing again .
She moved in her chair like a fighter unwilling to admit he was past his prime , but still eager to see if he could survive one more bout in the ring .
" It 's the girl who 's important . "
Josie said .
" I had a connection with her that I just could n't ignore . "
" That 's valid but will you be able to live with whatever you do for her ? "
" Rudy is taking this to the grand jury .
I 've got at least three days to figure that out , I guess . "
" Well , then I suppose we 'll see what happens in three days , wo n't we ? "
Faye picked up her glasses , but when she put them on she did n't seem ready to work .
She was looking at Josie as if she wore magnifying glasses .
" I do n't want to see you hurt , Josie , and I do n't want to see my practice compromised . "
Josie tilted back in the chair .
She tapped her feet softly .
Faye 's perspective had put her off her timing and her tenuous commitment .
She stood up .
" I 'd never do anything to compromise this practice , or you .
I 'll pass on this if you say so , but Hannah 's a step kid stuck in between her mother and Fritz Rayburn 's son .
Who else is going to defend someone like that ? "
" There are plenty who will , Josie , " Faye answered truthfully .
" Not the way I will , Faye .
I 've been on top ; I do n't care whether I get there again so I do n't have an outside agenda .
Linda is worried about her marriage ; her stepfather would n't mind if she disappeared .
I 'll be there just for Hannah . "
Faye knew Josie was walking into a brick wall but she also knew she could n't do anything about that so she gave neither blessing , nor veto .
" Keep it to a dull roar , Josie , that 's all I ask . "
Josie stepped away from the desk , a half - smile on her face .
This was no resounding cry of support , but it was something .
She was almost out the door when Faye called to her .
" Josie , nothing you do for this girl will make up for the past .
Not your lawyer past , or your daughter past .
You do know that , do n't you ? "
" Of course , " she answered .
It was the first time she had lied to Faye .


CHAPTER 10 " Today , the grand jury indicted Hannah Sheraton on charges of arson and murder .
She remains free on bail .
No trial date has been set . "
– Superior Court Press Office " I am pleased to announce that I will ask the Commission on Judicial Appointments to confirm the nomination of Kip Rayburn to the California Supreme Court .
Mr .
Rayburn brings a wealth of experience to the bench .
On a personal note , Mr . Rayburn 's father , Fritz Rayburn , was the victim of a horrible crime .
While the Rayburn family has suffered greatly , this experience will set Mr . Rayburn apart in terms of empathy and fortitude .
I look forward to Kip Rayburn 's confirmation so that he may carry on the excellent work his father began . "
– Joe Davidson , Governor of California " I ' m honored by the governor 's nomination and look forward to the confirmation process .
Until then , I will do everything possible to support my wife , and her daughter , during the coming days of Hannah 's trial and hope that a judicious solution to this sad problem can be expeditiously found .
No , I ' m sorry , no more questions . "
– Kip Rayburn , California Supreme Court Nominee Archer was in Mexico checking up on a young pup CFO whose board of directors believed he was smuggling drugs in the widgets they manufactured down there in Baja .
He had proved them right in record time , sent a bill from Cabo and was now on a picture safari , incommunicado , camping on some beach , taking his time coming back .
He did n't know that Hannah had been indicted , but everyone else in the world did .
Nobody could have kept a lid on what was going on .
California loved a triangle and , as triangles went , this one was a doozy .
Talk radio aficionados were already split with those who figured the stepdaughter was a bitch of the first degree and should fry , those who sympathized with the plight of a stepchild probably pushed to take drastic steps to be noticed , and those who refused to believe a child could possibly have had anything to do with Judge Rayburn 's death .
Baxter & Associates was reeling from the impact .
Faye was n't happy .
Josie was subdued .
Angie , who was used to drawing up standard paperwork , was now organizing the discovery documents : arson reports , timelines , police reports , forensics , autopsy report and interviews with anyone who ever had any contact with Hannah Sheraton .
Tiffany barely had time for a snack as reporters called for comments , and new clients with big problems called for consults .
Linda was devastated .
She had convinced herself this was all a mistake .
When Josie told them about the indictment and what would follow , Hannah touched her mother over and over again trying , perhaps , to comfort them both .
Hannah 's green eyes never left Josie 's face , and Josie did not suggest they think about finding another attorney for the trial .
She could n't in the face of Hannah 's silent fear .
On the beach , people who had n't realized Josie was an attorney suddenly looked at her differently ; they had an opinion about Hannah Sheraton .
Billy Zuni told Josie to friggin ' kick ass .
Josie could n't sleep , so half the patio tiles were laid in the dead of night .
When she got the jitters thinking about cross - examination , exhibits , and evidence , she felt suddenly overwhelmed by a task that long ago had been second nature .
She wanted Archer back every minute that Hermosa lay under the blanket of dark .
But daylight came and there was work to be done and Josie put aside her disquiet .
Four days after the indictment , Linda summoned Josie to Malibu .
It was still hot , even though fat , grey clouds hung off the coast adding humidity to the heat equation , as Josie drove Pacific Coast Highway .
The Rayburn 's beach house was set back two hundred yards off the highway .
The closest neighbor was a mile away .
The place was lit up like a movie set and might as well have been on its own planet .
A giant fingerprint whorl of sand stone served as a driveway ; the landscaping was exquisitely sparse : cactus , sea grasses , smooth stones , and jagged boulders .
Beyond that there was beach .
Prime property .
Rayburn had done well for himself before taking the bench .
Twirling the Jeep into the drive , Josie stopped next to a Mercedes .
A Lexus and a yellow VW bug shared the space in front of a four - car garage .
Josie yanked on the emergency brake , and checked out the VW while she collected her things .
The bug needed a wash and there was a boot on the back wheel .
Hannah was n't going anywhere in that thing .
Josie got out of the car , tossed her baseball cap in the back , and checked out the amazing piece of architecture the Rayburns now called home .
A seemingly simple construct , closer inspection revealed a marvelous origami box of a home : glass butted stucco , stucco melted into copper , copper ran into tile , and that tile surrounded a pool of water that welcomed visitors with a serenity that masked the problems of the people inside .
A flight of low - rise steps brought Josie to a door as tall as the ten - foot wall that surrounded the house .
It had oxidized to the strangely pleasing blue - green of exposed copper .
A relief of angles as sharp as a maze of thorns was etched onto its surface .
" Come in , Josie . "
Linda 's voice , made deeper by the intercom , came through a hidden speaker .
Josie scanned for the camera .
She should have tagged the security before she was seen .
" What 's the trick ? "
There was no knob or handle on the door .
" Push it . "
Josie did as she was told and both sides swung open .
Another touch and it revolved .
Yet another and it closed again .
It was a brilliant collaboration of art and engineering .
She pushed again and passed into a courtyard paved in buff colored tile surrounded by walls of smooth stucco .
Cut through the middle of this outdoor room was an endless pool .
The water seeped under a glass wall that bared the heart of the house .
In front of the glass , in the middle of the pool , stood a bronze statue of a nude woman .
She was contorted into a position of perpetual pain , or ecstasy , depending on one 's point of view .
Josie saw pain of the most humiliating and personal sort .
Given what she knew about Hannah , Josie saw . . .
" Are you coming in ? "
Josie tore her eyes from one tortured woman to another .
Hannah stood in an opening in the glass wall .
Her jeans were cut so low on the hip she could have belted them at her knees .
Her white and blue checked long sleeved top was tied under her breasts .
Her bellybutton had two piercings .
There was a tattoo on her right hip and a streak of dried blood that stuck her shirtsleeve to her arm .
Josie 's eyes flickered toward that wound only to look away and see the statue .
" Nice place , " Josie commented dryly .
" Un - huh . "
Hannah walked to the pool , hands pumping , counting as she considered the statue .
" What do you think about that ? "
" I ca n't even begin to imagine what 's happening to her , " Josie said .
" I can . "
Hannah 's voice was flat .
Silently Josie moved away .
It would be easy to be drawn into the whirlpool of Hannah 's problems , real or imagined .
But Josie was n't her shrink .
Josie was n't her mother .
Josie was her attorney and she had to resist Hannah 's attempt to make her anything else .
" Your mom 's expecting me . "
" Kip , too , " Hannah said .
" That 's half the battle , " Josie muttered as she followed Hannah into the house .
" No it is n't , " Hannah assured her .


CHAPTER 11 Kip Rayburn was nothing to look at .
He was n't unattractive , simply unmemorable .
Light brown hair and not much of it ; narrow face and not much to it .
He had a slight body that let his clothes hang well but without flair .
Yet , Kip Rayburn compensated for his ordinariness .
His power was there in the way he stood on the fringe , instead of presenting himself front and center .
There was power in his money .
There was power now in his nomination .
" Josie , this is my husband , Kip . "
Linda touched Josie 's arm , then she turned and raised her hand toward her husband .
She was a veritable Vanna White in the game of domesticity .
Josie had too much to do to play along , so she walked across the huge living room and put out her hand .
" It 's good to finally meet you .
I ' m glad we could all get together , " she said .
Kip did a once over and seemed to frankly find her lacking .
He did n't like her casualness , her athletic and boyish figure , and her less than classic features .
Maybe he did n't like the fact that she was n't as impressed with him as everyone else seemed to be these days .
Still , he hid his feelings under a thin blanket of hospitality , and smiled perfunctorily .
" Some of my colleagues know your work .
I understand it was impressive , " he said by way of greeting .
" It still is . "
Without waiting to be asked , she sat in a horseshoe chair and put her portfolio at her feet .
" Congratulations on your nomination . "
" Thank you .
I hope I can live up to the honor . "
Kip settled on the curved sofa and put both his arms across the back .
The pose did nothing for him .
" I was going to take over a partnership interest in Rayburn & Frank , but public service is a great opportunity . "
" Your father would be proud if you followed either one , I ' m sure . "
With that , Kip Rayburn changed .
One arm came down and rested in his lap , closing him off , the other dropped to the cushion .
He crossed his legs .
The mention of his father made Kip seem less than master in this house .
" Linda , " Kip said .
" Will you get us something to drink ?
Hannah could help you . "
" Sure , honey .
What do you want ? "
Linda asked .
" A glass of wine . "
" Josie , what can I get you ? "
" Nothing , thanks . "
Josie 's eyes flickered to Hannah .
Linda stood up and summoned her daughter .
" Hannah ? "
" I do n't want anything . "
She crossed her legs and sank to the floor next to Josie , close to Josie .
" Hannah . "
Linda was sharp .
This was no request ; it was a command .
Hannah stiffened , sitting up straighter .
One finger jumped as it tapped frenetically against her knee .
Finally , reluctantly , Hannah acquiesced and followed her mother .
Josie waited until they were gone before talking to Kip .
" Do n't you think keeping liquor here is a little hard for Hannah ? "
Josie raised a brow .
" The cabinet 's locked .
We 're very clear on the consequences if Hannah steps out of line this time . "
" I know the conditions of her bail are very specific , " Josie commented , " but it might help her if you simply did n't have alcohol in the house . "
" I ' m referring to my conditions , Ms . Bates , in my home . "
Kip 's gaze was steady , his decision final .
Josie had underestimated him .
Perhaps Davidson had made a good choice in nominating Kip to replace his father .
She backed off on Hannah and made small talk instead .
She spoke about the house , Fritz 's love of art , the huge black canvases slashed with red that were the judge 's favorites , Fritz 's real estate acumen , Fritz 's – " Here we are . "
Linda was back with refreshments , a glass of water for Josie just in case .
The only thing missing was Hannah .
" Should n't this be a family meeting ? "
Josie asked .
" It is , " Kip answered and Josie understood .
Hannah was Cinderella but instead of ashes and stepsisters it was Kip and sand dunes .
Linda settled herself next to her husband .
Her long legs were crossed at the ankles , her hand rested on his thigh .
Square cut diamond earrings winked brilliantly as she moved and settled and still could n't seem to find a comfortable place next to Kip .
" Ms .
Bates , " Kip began .
" No matter what the court says , Hannah is still a child and a very disturbed one at that .
She is good at letting you see what she wants you to see .
The point is , Hannah is ill and she is our responsibility .
Her problems are deep , chronic and unresolved .
The girl needs intensive therapy , and that 's what we intend to see she gets . "
" Kip , we should n't overstate the situation . "
Linda broke in but Kip quieted his wife , tightening his grip on her hand .
Linda gave no indication that she felt it as she addressed Josie .
There was still some of the old Linda left , the woman who had a mind of her own .
" I ' m sorry I did n't tell you about Hannah when I first came to see you , Josie .
I do n't like to admit how disturbed she is .
Things have been awful since she found out she has to stand trial .
She 's cutting herself more often . "
Linda glanced at Kip and now her hand curled around his .
They were together again .
" We do n't believe she will be able to make it through a trial . "
" I 've made some inquiries regarding a plea bargain . "
Kip took over .
Josie remained impassive , her heart hardening with each word spoken .
" I believe the District Attorney would be open to that .
I think a plea bargain would be in everyone 's best interest . "
The silence was palpable in the glass house with the high ceilings .
It wafted upward like heat , leaving the space between Josie and the Rayburns .
It was a frigid , unwelcoming place .
" Really ?
And what are the conditions of your plea ? "
Josie asked quietly .
" Care , not incarceration , is what we 're after , " Kip answered .
" That 's what you want , Linda ? "
Josie asked .
Linda got up , unable to look Josie in the eye .
She walked toward the tall windows that opened onto the beach .
Her reflection in the glass was ephemeral : hands lengthening as they wrung together , face contorting into a rubbery mask of grief , her body a watery column of sky blue silk .
Her back was to Josie .
That was a dangerous position to be in because Josie 's outrage was as sharp as a dagger .
But her anger was meant for Kip Rayburn .
He was like the kid who plays hide - and - seek , then rats on everyone so he can win the game .
When Linda muttered her agreement , Josie turned on Kip .
" Do you believe Hannah killed your father ? "
" No .
No we do n't . "
Linda was quicker than her husband but he weighed in .
" I did n't say that , " Kip insisted .
" Then you have no faith in my ability to defend your daughter , " Josie pushed .
" Is that it ? "
" No . " Kip said .
" Of course not . . . "
Linda walked around the couch , trailing the thought into nothingness as she sat down next to her husband .
" Josie , our decision has nothing to do with you . "
" Well it must if you feel that your husband has to act as counsel and discuss a plea behind my back .
I did n't realize you were a criminal attorney , Mr . Rayburn . "
" I ' m not , but I understand that there are always options in any trial .
I believe if you can expedite a matter to the benefit of everyone concerned , then it should be done . "
" And that 's just going to be a fine attitude on the bench , is n't it ? "
Josie drawled sarcastically .
" Forget justice .
Forget the question of innocence or guilt .
You 'll just make sure everyone 's happy by making problems go away . "
" Josie , please .
This is about what 's good for Hannah , " Linda cried .
" No it is n't .
In fact , I do n't exactly know what this is about . "
Josie leaned on the arm of her chair and pointed with one hand at Kip Rayburn .
" And if you 're so all fired up and determined to do what 's right for Hannah , where were you when she needed your help ?
The night she was arrested , for instance ?
The day of the bail hearing when , for your information , I already flew that plea balloon past Rudy Klein .
He would n't even discuss it .
Where were you then ? "
" I was mourning my father , Ms . Bates , and I do n't appreciate you questioning my motives .
My concern is for my wife , myself and , yes , my stepdaughter .
If you question that , then why do n't you convince me that you can prevail if we go to trial ? "
" Why do n't you ask me to walk on water ? "
Josie threw up her hands .
" I 've had the discovery documents less than a week .
If you want me to lay out a defense I ca n't do it , but I can tell you there are problems with the prosecution .
Klein has n't asked that lesser charges be considered .
That means he will have to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that Hannah intended to kill Fritz , and I 'll make that damn near impossible for him . "
Kip scoffed , " That 's too simplistic .
Nothing is ever certain with a jury trial . "
" Kip 's right .
Nearly impossible is n't good enough , " Linda murmured .
Her green eyes clicked a notch to look past Josie 's shoulder .
Josie tried to engage her again .
" But , Linda , if we plead out Hannah still goes to jail . "
" That 's not what we want , " Linda said quietly .
" We do n't want her in jail at all . "
Josie pulled back , surprised and curious .
" What do you think could happen ?
What do you think they would do with her ?
Slap her wrists and tell her not to play with matches ? "
" Hannah can be remanded to a psychiatric facility for treatment .
She 'll plead no contest to arson and reckless endangerment in the death of my father . "
Kip was firm .
He spoke for both of them yet , unlike Linda , his face was as blank and transparent as the end sheet of a book .
" It would be best for everyone .
Linda and I both agree . "
Josie 's elbow was cocked on the arm of the chair .
She cradled her chin and looked at the two on the couch .
Finally , she shook her head and dropped her hand .
" No .
I wo n't let her plead out to a sentence in a state run psychiatric facility .
I ' m sorry . "
Josie started to get up , but Kip stopped her with a warning .
" You do n't have a choice here , Ms . Bates . "
" But I do have a voice .
Linda gave it to me when she retained me .
Listen , if you put Hannah in a place like that she 'll never get well .
She will be locked up with women who are certifiably insane .
Hannah may have problems , but there is no way you can put behavioral difficulties on a par with schizophrenia and homicidal . . . "
Josie paused and sat up just a little straighter .
She 'd almost missed it .
She slid her eyes Kip 's way .
" This is n't about Hannah .
It 's about you , is n't it ?
You 're worried about your confirmation , so you 're going to sacrifice Hannah .
Is that it ? "
" I resent that . "
Linda half rose from the sofa but Kip held her back .
She shook him off hard .
" I ' m the one that begged you to take this case , and that should prove I ' m worried about my daughter .
A trial will jeopardize Hannah 's mental health and that 's what we 're concerned about .
Period . "
Josie opened her mouth to argue , but before she could Kip asked the million - dollar question .
" How do you know she did n't murder my father ? "
Kip asked quietly .
" Because she said so in court , " Josie pointed out .
" How do you know she did n't set the fire that resulted in my father 's death ? "
Josie understood the implication .
Setting the fire without knowing Fritz was in the house would be a lesser offense and , indeed , Josie could plea bargain down on that .
But she knew something they did n't .
" It does n't matter .
Death in the commission of arson does n't apply here . "
Josie looked straight at Kip Rayburn .
" Your father sustained a head wound before the fire started . "
" Hannah hit him ?
She attacked my father ? "
Kip stuttered in disbelief .
" We do n't know who hit him . "
Josie answered honestly .
" It could have happened in a fall and then we could argue death in the commission of arson .
But Rudy Klein believes it was a deliberate assault .
That 's why a satisfactory plea is going to be nearly impossible .
Your only choice is to let me build a defense .
Hannah is entitled to that , at least . "
" You can take all your entitlement crap and shove it , " Kip shot back .
" Kip , please , " Linda pleaded , but Kip was on a roll .
He ignored her , intent on Josie as if she were responsible for the demon child in their midst .
" From the very beginning we 've had to wonder if Hannah set that fire , now we have to think that she may have beaten him ?
This is too much , Linda .
I ' m not going to have this woman waltz in here and tell us that we 're heartless and self - centered if we do n't do what she says .
I know Cooper will work with us and that 's what I want . "
Kip paced , so angered he could hardly contain himself .
" But there 's a good chance she 'll be acquitted , " Josie objected as he threw himself onto the sofa , pushing into a corner of the couch .
" Then prove it to me now .
Prove that , and we 'll go to trial .
If you ca n't , then I have to believe Hannah 's a murderer and we are at risk if you get her off .
The fact that you 're talented enough to do that makes my blood run cold . "
Josie was incredulous .
What kind of demand was this ?
Show me the killer ; Hannah can be free .
It was appalling ; a black and white demand with no room to maneuver .
Even in court Josie would never have to find an alternative perpetrator .
" My job is to prove that Hannah did n't murder your father , not find out who did .
You 're acting like Hannah is a natural born killer .
She 's never been violent before , has she ? "
" Stop pretending . "
Kip stood up quickly .
His leg hit the coffee table .
The glasses shuddered .
One fell , spilling the wine over the glass top .
" She cuts herself up like a piece of meat .
I 'd say that 's violent . "
" Hannah hurts herself , not other people . "
Josie snapped her head toward Linda .
" Linda , for God 's sake , there would have been something big before this .
Hannah would have killed small animals , torn the wings off butterflies . "
Kip whirled and leaned on the empty chair next to Josie 's .
" You 're not a psychiatrist .
We 've spoken to her doctor a thousand times .
And what does he say ?
He says ' well , I do n't think she 's dangerous , but these situations are unpredictable . ' "
Kip 's mimic of the doctor was cruel , and his next words bitter .
" If he does n't know , how in the hell do you ? "
His plain face morphed as he pushed away from the chair .
He was in charge .
He was driven , determined to have his way .
" We 're telling you we need this resolved now .
We are the ones responsible for her .
We 're the ones who have to live with her , not you . "
Josie stood up .
Kip Rayburn did n't have enough game to shut her down .
She did n't care whose son he was , or who he was about to become .
" I ' m Hannah 's attorney and , as such , I am responsible for the welfare of my client .
So let me tell you what I know .
Hannah wo n't last a minute if she serves a sentence in a psychiatric facility .
You think she 's got problems now ?
Just wait until they release her someday and she shows up on your doorstep .
I guarantee you wo n't turn your lights off at night .
Or are you one of those bleeding hearts that think criminals actually go into those places for treatment ? "
Josie 's hands punctuated every word that came out of her mouth .
She whipped toward Linda and back to Kip , trying to find one who would stand with her for Hannah .
" Those places are dark , third rate institutions where overworked doctors make out reports and prescribe electroshock and pills that will keep Hannah so doped up she wo n't even know when one of the low life orderlies decides she looks like prime pickings .
So he 'll rape her , and she wo n't even know it .
Or another inmate will … "
" Stop it !
Josie , stop it ! "
Horrified , Linda cried out as she buried her face in her hands .
It was Josie who got to her first .
She took Linda 's hands in her own and forced them down .
" Linda , listen to me . "
" Wait just a minute , " Kip rushed to the sofa .
Josie met him head on , daring him to interfere .
" Back off , " she growled , tired of him now .
" Linda , look at me .
This is your daughter 's life .
It 's not a game .
It 's deadly serious and what you do now is going to affect her whole life , Linda .
You 're her mother for God 's sake .
Do you really think she did something she should go to jail for ? "
Linda 's bright eyes darted everywhere , searching for the right answer .
Her lips parted – pink , pink lips – but it was hard for her to speak .
She turned those eyes toward her husband , but Josie put one hand to Linda 's cheek and made her focus on the question .
" Do you want Hannah to suffer ? "
Josie whispered angrily , pushing for a decision .
" I do n't want her in jail for something she did n't do , " Linda answered back with words that were dry and fragile .
Josie chased after them , collecting Linda 's wishes like fall leaves and bringing them back to drop in Linda 's lap .
" Then do n't throw her away .
Do n't abandon her .
A mother ca n't do anything worse than that . "
Linda glanced at Kip .
She hung her head and curved toward Josie .
They were a conspiracy of two , excluding Kip .
This was between them , women who understood a child 's life was at stake .
" Can you win ? "
Linda whispered , and the undercurrent of absolute terror did n't escape Josie 's notice .
She felt it , too .
" I 'll give it everything I 've got , Linda .
Your gut said to trust me , so trust your gut now . "
There was a heartbeat of silence , a bubble of apprehension surrounded Josie and Linda .
Josie held tighter , whispered more urgently .
" Let me try . "
Linda slid one hand from Josie 's and then the other .
She put her fingers to her lips .
They trembled .
From behind them she called to her husband who stood apart , his eyes shuttered , his body taut .
" Kip ? "
" You decide , Linda .
She 's your daughter . "
Josie closed her eyes .
Those words were so cruel , so unnecessary .
She willed Kip Rayburn to give his wife a sign that he would stand beside her .
He did n't .
Linda would have to stand on her own .
She did it well .
" I want you to try , Josie .
I owe Hannah so much . "
Josie dropped her head .
Linda 's pain of indecision was real , but Josie could n't believe there was even a choice here .
If Hannah were her daughter , Kip Rayburn would have eaten their dust .
Exhausted , relieved , Josie stood up .
She walked back to her chair and picked up her briefcase .
She had to pass Kip Rayburn as she left .
She stopped beside him .
They would need him .
" It 's for the best , Mr . Rayburn .
I promise you .
No one will think differently . "
" We all have to do what we think is right , " he said quietly , his back to her .
Josie started to leave but he called to her , walked toward her , and spoke to her .
" Just so we 're clear .
I do n't like the way you 're playing with our lives .
My father is dead , and I think Hannah had something to do with it .
I do n't know what it was , I do n't know how she did it , I do n't know if she actually lit the match , but I ' m telling you she 's trouble .
So , go ahead and prepare your case .
I 'll pay your fee .
I 'll sit in that courtroom and support my wife , but do n't you expect me to root for you after what you did to my family tonight .
Do you understand ? "
" Sure , " Josie muttered , knowing she did n't understand anything about this family – especially where Hannah fit in .


CHAPTER 12 Josie breathed deep , filling lungs that seemed to have had all the air sucked out of them .
This was not the triumph of architectural living space she originally thought .
It was an exquisite tomb , and the time spent in it made her feel intellectually brittle and emotionally dry .
Hannah , Kip and Linda , all with their own issues , their own guilt , their own needs , were now going to be locked together through the eternity of this trial because Josie had forced the issue .
The things Josie had known when she arrived – the trial schedule , the essence of her strategy – now seemed less the beginning of a stunningly constructed defense and more a desperate attempt to dazzle a jury that would have the same concerns that Kip had .
Worst of all , she hated Kip for making this so damned personal .
Josie did n't know if she fought hard because she believed in Hannah , because she wanted to prove that she could win , or because Kip Rayburn 's reticence seemed inhuman even under the circumstances .
Still , it bothered Josie that she had n't acknowledged the fundamental problem .
In this family the accused and the victim 's survivor were linked together by the tenuous thread of Linda .
One of them would lose – or perhaps all of them – and still Josie would be standing .
She could retreat to her office at Baxter & Associates when this was all over .
She had an escape route .
She was n't in danger of losing a husband , or a daughter .
That realization put Linda in a whole new light .
She deserved a heck of a lot of respect for what she 'd done tonight .
Josie walked back over the flesh colored tiles , past the horridly graphic statue and thought of Hannah , a girl who had no say in her future .
Hannah was Fritz Rayburn 's charity case ; not even a blip on the radar for Kip .
Maybe that was what bothered Josie the most .
They spoke of Hannah as if she was a leaking faucet that annoyed everyone , but not enough to fix it once and for all .
Josie pushed open the huge copper door and walked back out to the real world .
The stars were brilliant .
A near full moon made the white sand sparkle , and spilled a shimmering path of light right down the center of the ocean .
Josie lifted her face as a surprisingly cool breeze sifted through her hair .
The night was pungent with sea smells , but still she was ill at ease .
Something was forgotten .
It was n't until Josie saw Hannah sitting behind the wheel of her Jeep that Josie remembered what it was .
She should have said goodbye to her client .
" Hey , " Hannah called as Josie ambled toward the Jeep .
The floodlights made the black finish look like onyx and Hannah like a vision .
" I thought you were going to leave without saying anything to me . "
Hannah 's lashes covered her eyes in a long , languid motion .
Her head swirled and when she looked at Josie again her expression was almost vacant .
" I was , " Josie admitted .
Whoever said the truth never hurt anyone was wrong .
It hurt Josie .
She was n't sure what it did to Hannah .
" I ' m sorry , I should n't have forgotten .
I was just thrown off base a little by our meeting . "
" Still trying to figure out what happened ? "
" I guess so , " Josie admitted .
She put her hand on Hannah 's shoulder and gave her a gentle shove .
" Move over . "
Hannah crawled over the gearshift into the passenger seat .
Her right hand touched the door handle as she settled herself in the new place .
Josie waited , forcing herself not to count along .
When Hannah was done , she said : " Kip 's jealous , that 's what it is .
He 's supposed to be getting all the attention and everything , but I ' m getting it .
Plus , he does n't like things to be complicated .
I ' m the complication .
The trial is a complication and now you are , too . "
" What about your mom ?
She does n't think you 're a complication , does she ? "
Hannah whispered .
" My mom loves me .
Nobody can say different . "
" I did n't mean to imply that . "
Josie put her head back on the seat and looked up at the sky .
Hannah 's defensiveness was familiar .
Josie had been that way about her own mother at Hannah 's age .
The difference was that Josie was n't sure if her mother actually did love her .
" She wants to make sure we stay safe , " Hannah went on as if she had n't heard Josie .
" She 'd do anything to make sure we stay safe .
I know she thinks it would be better for both of us if you could just get the District Attorney to send me to a hospital .
Kip just thinks it would be easier . "
" What do you think ? "
" I think it 's fucked and so do you , " Hannah laughed .
It was the first time Josie had heard her do that .
It was a beautiful sound and gone too quickly .
" How do you know that 's what I think ? "
Josie laughed , too .
It felt good on a night like this when everything else looked so dark and desperate .
" The master control on the intercom is in the kitchen .
I heard you fight for me .
I did n't hear all of it .
I thought mom was coming .
She thinks I do n't know about the hospital thing . "
Josie sat up , retrieved her baseball hat and took her keys out of the console .
" So , now that we 've got that out of the way , is there something you want to tell me ? "
" Yeah , I came out here to check on your car twelve times .
Then I sat in it and waited for you , " Hannah said .
" And … . "
Josie prodded , not quite getting the point , anxious to be home .
" Twelve times .
Not twenty .
Shit , twelve times ! "
Hannah threw up her hands .
She shook her head , angry and frustrated .
Her burned hand hit the console hard , keeping double time with her words .
" Shit , shit , shit !
I thought you 'd get it .
That 's a good thing . "
Josie laughed again in spite of herself .
She stopped Hannah .
Held her hand before the girl reached twenty hits .
" A breakthrough , " Josie said softly .
" It 's not funny , " Hannah jerked away .
" I ' m not laughing at you .
I ' m proud of you .
Twelve is better than twenty and two would be better than twelve .
Hey , simple arithmetic , " Josie assured her .
" Do you think I could do that ? "
Hannah stared straight ahead , rigid next to Josie , waiting for her to predict failure .
" Sure , why not ? "
Josie put her key in the ignition .
She turned her head and looked at Hannah .
" We 've got a couple of weeks before things get going , Hannah .
If you could get to two that would be good .
If you did n't count at all that would be great . "
" Maybe .
I wo n't promise . "
Sadly Hannah 's expression was blank again , the laughter gone .
Josie would have given anything to know what was behind that beautiful mask .
Some lies , some information withheld , but the bottom line was real ; Hannah wanted to be defended and that 's all Josie had to know .
" No problem .
I know there are n't any promises , so do n't worry . "
They sat in silence .
The night was so big Josie felt as if it could swallow up their problems .
Hannah had a different thought altogether .
" I ' m not an idiot , you know . "
" I never said you were , " Josie sighed .
Children were hard to deal with ; children who were on the verge of adulthood must be the hardest of all .
Maybe she 'd been too difficult for Emily , and that was a sad thought .
" I just want you to know that I ' m afraid .
I would be a real idiot if I were n't .
I ca n't show it , but for me to know I ' m afraid is good .
That 's a big step . "
" Then I ' m glad because you should be afraid , " Josie said quietly .
" Are you ? "
Hannah asked .
" Afraid ? "
Josie kept her eyes on the stars .
It was n't a hard question ; it was just hard to answer out loud .
" Yeah , " Josie whispered .
" I am , but probably not for the reasons you think .
You 're so young .
You have such a long life ahead .
There 's always a chance I wo n't win . "
" And then there 's the thing you told me about that other person you defended , the person who should n't have gotten off . "
" Sure .
There 's that .
It 's history , " Josie said quietly .
She would n't burden Hannah with the story of the crime ; she would n't scare her with the story of Rudy Klein 's desire to avenge that loss .
" Good .
You have to think about me as someone who deserves to win , Josie .
Someone who is totally , totally innocent .
I want you to think about me that way , okay ? "
With that , Hannah climbed out of the car .
She did n't get far before she turned and came back .
She touched the Jeep and left again .
" Goodnight , Hannah , " Josie called and started the car .
Once again Hannah ran back toward the Jeep but this time she went to the driver 's side .
One of Josie 's hands was on the gearshift ; the other was on the steering wheel .
Hannah stood so close Josie could n't have left without backing over her .
Fast as lightening Hannah touched Josie twice , near caresses given with such gentleness , such hope , such raw need and intimacy they unnerved Josie .
" Two times , " Hannah whispered and then she was gone .
* * * Kip Rayburn pulled the little chain on the desk lamp and opened the drawer to his right .
Inside was his Los Angeles BAR address book .
He took it out and turned the pages , found the number he wanted , and dialed .
He crossed his legs and waited .
The phone was answered on the second ring and Kip asked to speak to Rudy Klein .
Kip 's hand was clammy .
His heart beat just a little faster .
The things he had done tonight : challenging people , becoming angry , thinking ahead , taking his shot – were so out of character .
It felt good ; it was frightening .
He could still hang up , but then Rudy said hello .
" Yes .
Mr .
Klein .
This is Kip Rayburn . "
Rudy Klein did n't seem surprised to hear from him but then that was the sign of a good lawyer .
Nothing should surprise a good lawyer – or a good criminal for that matter .
Minimal pleasantries were exchanged before Rudy asked what he could do for Kip .
" I received a call from your office some days ago , Mr . Klein , " Kip said .
" I understand you would like to interview me . "
" I ' m hoping you 'll cooperate .
I know it will be difficult given your relationship with Ms . Sheraton .
I promise to do everything I can to get information I need from other sources , but . . .
" That 's fine , Mr . Klein .
You do n't have to worry .
You 'll have no problem with me .
I 'll cooperate in any interview and will answer a subpoena if necessary , " Kip interrupted .
To his credit , Rudy asked no questions .
He thanked Kip .
The two men hung up .
Kip Rayburn kept his hand on the receiver , thinking he might actually pick it up again and tell Klein that it had all been a mistake .
There really was n't any need to testify .
Not yet .
Maybe he should have waited to see how things went before putting himself out there .
Then he thought again .
Ian Frank had been right .
Preemptive strikes were weapons of the powerful .
Only fools waited until they were on the spot and Kip had been a fool for years , waiting until things with his father got out of hand before trying to put a stop to them .
No , he 'd done the right thing .
Expedite .
Expedite .
" Kip ?
Are you coming to bed ? "
Startled , Kip took his hand off the phone .
Linda stood in the doorway – tall and gorgeous – looking at him curiously .
She was different since Hannah had been arrested ; they were different together , too , and not in a bad way .
Kip took a deep breath .
He would have to tell her .
He would have to tell her soon what he was doing .
" Do n't you want to come to bed ? "
She asked and those long fingers of hers trailed across the deep neckline of her negligee .
Yes .
He 'd have to tell her sooner – or later .
* * * " Was that business , Daddy ? "
" Yeah , sport , that was business . "
Rudy Klein scooped up his son and threw him over his shoulder .
Mikey giggled , the way five - year - old boys will , as Rudy twirled him around once for good measure .
" Yeah , that was business , and now I ' m going to give you the business . "
Mikey laughed louder as Rudy carted him down the hall like a sack of potatoes .
He sang a song about the wheels on a bus and bounced on his dad 's shoulder .
Rudy breathed in the scent of his boy as they went .
Soap and powder , the smell of a child 's soft skin that would disappear in the next few years ; there was nothing like it .
Rudy never wanted to forget any of it .
The same way he would n't forget the sound of Mikey 's laughter , the feel of those chubby hands against his back , the voice that was as clear as an angel 's , the all too precious moments of childhood that Rudy was allowed to share as his little boy was shuttled between mother and father .
" Here we go ! "
Rudy whipped him off his shoulder and cradled his back so that Mikey became an upside - down airplane .
In a second he landed smack dab in the middle of the little bed .
Rudy always kept it made up with fresh sheets in case Pam let him have more than his court ordered visitation .
" Do it again ! "
Mikey cried , holding out his arms , his little body wiggling with anticipation .
" Nope , it 's too late .
Time for big boys to be asleep .
Mom is coming early in the morning to get you . "
" How early ? "
Mikey asked as Rudy tucked the sheets tight and turned out the bedside light .
" Too , early , " Rudy said lightly , trying to keep the sadness out of his voice .
He could put criminals behind bars , he could fight the bad guys on every front , but he could n't convince the judge who handled his divorce that picking a kid up at five in the morning was n't good for anyone .
" Daddy , I could stay here ' till you got back from business , " Mikey said seriously , willing to forgo the pleasure of putting on his little back pack at five in the morning so mommy could drive him to day care and she could get to her job on time .
" Sorry , sport " Rudy said and ran his hand through Mikey 's dark curls , " but mom says she ca n't stand having you gone one more minute .
Not one more . "
" Can you stand me gone one minute ? "
The little boy asked .
Rudy touched his son 's face .
He smiled and kissed Mikey 's cheek .
" No , sport , I ca n't stand it when you 're gone any minutes , " Rudy said truthfully .
" And that 's a good thing .
That means that no matter what happens , there are always two people in this whole wide world who want you . "
Mikey smiled and turned on his side , settling himself into his little nest , one last thought on his mind .
" I bet some kids do n't even have one person who loves them so much , " he said with satisfaction .
" I bet you 're right , sport , " Rudy whispered back .
Standing up , Rudy looked at his boy , still feeling guilty that he did n't have the perfect family .
Then he thought of Hannah Sheraton and realized Mikey did n't have it so bad after all .
At least he did n't have anyone who was willing to throw him away – or some prosecutor determined to put him away .
* * * Hannah sat on a stool in her room .
It was a very low , very small red lacquer stool .
Her knees were drawn up and she leaned over far enough to rest her chest on them .
Her arms were wrapped around her legs and her face was turned toward the glass door that opened her room to the beach .
Hannah could see out ; anyone could see in .
But there was no one to see .
Kip owned the beach , and the house , now that Fritz was dead .
At her feet was a small black porcelain dish , a delicate silver fish painted in the center .
She could see each scale shimmering on its perfect little body .
A razor blade lay across the fish 's belly .
No one could figure out how she managed to cut herself .
The cook watched the knives .
Kip used an electric razor .
Linda rationed disposables so Hannah could shave her legs thinking she could n't do anything obscene with them .
Clever Hannah saved one now and again .
She broke open the plastic casing , took the tiny blade and hid it in a pouch in the back of her closet .
Hannah still had two blades left in her pouch .
The third was on the dish with the fish .
Curled on her stool , Hannah stared at that blade for the longest time .
Where , she wondered , did the light come from that caused it to glint in the darkened room ?
How big was the machine that beveled the edges of that tiny piece of metal ?
Who invented cutting blades a million , zillion years ago ?
Hannah wondered if that person had a name , or if they were just like her – just someone .
Time came and went and finally Hannah picked it up .
The blade was so small Hannah took some pride in being able to cut just deep enough , just far enough , to draw just enough blood with such a tiny instrument .
She looked over her shoulder on the off chance that her mother might see what was happening and stop her .
When the door of her room did n't open Hannah made a parallel cut alongside a long - healed scar .
The second cut was short .
The third was a series of three cuts all in a line . SOS . Dot . Dash . Dot . Hannah looked at her handiwork , pale in the limited light .
There was n't much blood .
She had n't gone deep .
Tomorrow she would go deeper .
Unwinding herself , Hannah stood up and opened the glass door .
Leaving her shoes behind , she crossed the patio .
The sand was cold ; the air was warm .
There was a breeze that tousled her hair .
Hannah bent down and dug a hole .
She worked relentlessly as the dry sand fell in on itself again and again .
When it was deep enough , Hannah buried her blade so no child who might stumble upon this private beach would be hurt .
Hannah would never want a child to be hurt .
Never .
When Hannah was done she prowled the perimeter of the house , holding her cut arm up to the ocean air .
The salt stung and the wounds tingled but nothing could really hurt Hannah .
Not much , anyway .
Not often , anyhow .
There had been a time not too long ago , when she was hurt so bad she thought she would die .
But that time was almost forgotten .
When the trial was done she 'd forget it altogether .
Hannah twirled , arms out , her long hair floating in the breeze .
Her eyes were closed and every time she peeked Hannah expected to see day .
But it was always night .
The hours had n't passed and that 's when Hannah got sick .
She stumbled back to her bedroom and sat on her little stool , pulling herself tight in a ball as she rocked .
She wished she could paint , but no flammables were allowed around her .
That was a no - no .
The judge said so .
If she could paint , the sickness inside would go away .
Hannah made a muffled little mewling sound and rocked her feet heel to toe .
Her chin hurt because it was pushed hard into the knobs of her knees .
Her cheekbones felt as if they would crack from the pressure as she clenched her jaw .
Hannah closed her eyes and rocked .
She thought of Josie .
There 's a lesson Hannah .
Take a lesson from Josie , Hannah .
Life 's hard .
Deal with it .
Fight for it .
Stand up , Hannah .
Do it for yourself .
Then it did n't matter whom Hannah thought about .
She sprang from her seat , stuck her hand between her mattress and box spring and found the other things she kept hidden .
She opened the little box .
Three little joints left .
Three was her lucky number .
Three blades .
Three joints .
Three people in this house .
The matches were in the bathroom , hidden in the box of tampons .
They would n't let her have paints but nobody checked for matches .
How dumb was that ?
Outside again , Hannah cupped her hands , bent her head and put a match to the roach .
She sucked the smoke in deep and held it .
The sick feeling did n't leave .
It squeezed her head so she started to walk around the house , ticking and shaking the little box of wooden matches as she went .
Shake and shake , counting the times she heard the scratching sound they made .
Hannah shook and shook , trying to count the number of matches by the sound .
Hannah walked to the back of the house and looked up toward the bedroom her mother shared with Kip .
The lights were out .
They were asleep .
Kip had n't looked at Hannah yet .
All Linda did was look at Kip .
All Linda did was say everything would be all right .
Hannah just did n't know which of them she was saying it to .
Guilt .
Guilt .
It was the word that connected them all , and kept them all apart .
She walked to her side of the house .
Head down and steps measured she paced off her prison .
When Hannah had journeyed ten times on that route she detoured inside and walked up the stairs .
Hannah was a shadow .
No one knew she was there even when it was light .
Half the joint was gone ; the other half snuffed out and cupped between her hands along with the box of matches .
No one would hear them shake as Hannah walked up those stairs and stood outside her mother 's bedroom door .
She peered through a crack in the door .
They were there .
Her mother with her long hair and naked shoulders , Kip curled around her in sleep ; Kip who would be a judge ; Kip who was just like his father .
They were there .
In bed .
Together .
Hannah turned around and walked down the stairs .
Hannah walked up those stairs again and stood outside the bedroom door and looked .
She walked down .
She walked up and stood and looked .
She held the matches and the roach cupped in her hand so no one would hear , no one would smell the smoke , and no one would know she was standing outside the bedroom door looking and thinking and wondering if she had really done the right thing the night of the fire .
* * * Josie sat with her back to the wall , one foot dangling toward the floor , the other propped up on the bar stool next to her .
One arm was on the bar , her hand wrapped around a glass of beer .
It was still full , but the foam had long since faded .
A half eaten burger was on the plate beside her .
Eric Clapton was on the jukebox , and a couple of baseball teams silently ran around on the big - screen TV in the corner .
A woman nursed a martini at a table near the window .
A couple was having a heated disagreement in the hallway that led to the bathrooms .
Other than that , it was a quiet night at Burt 's at the Beach .
" Is it my cooking ? "
Josie swiveled her head but did n't lift it from the wall behind her .
She smiled at Burt .
Burt , who was once one of the finest male volleyball players on the circuit , still looked ruggedly handsome despite the crow 's feet , and the gray through his long blond hair .
He crashed and burned on his motorcycle in ninety - four .
Broke about every bone in his body .
He still looked damn good , but he lost everything that made him one of the best on the beach : his speed , his agility , and his range of motion .
He spent the next two years trying to kill himself with booze and pills .
Then he found a good woman and opened Burt 's .
The good woman was n't as good as he thought , but Burt 's at the Beach was a godsend .
He loved his place , and so did people who called Hermosa home .
You never had to dress up , the food was basic , good and priced right , every woman was safe , every man who was n't was asked to leave , and Burt knew everyone 's name .
" It 's Cordon Bleu as usual , Burt .
I ' m just not as hungry as I thought I was . "
Josie pushed the beer mug his way .
" Or as thirsty . "
" I knew that the second you came through the door .
Next time I 'll just refuse to serve you .
Hate stuff going to waste . "
Burt took the plate and put it under the counter .
He tossed the beer and put the mug in the sink .
He checked out the martini woman and the feuding couple who now seemed to be making up .
Then he crossed his arms on the bar and did n't say anything more .
He waited for Josie .
" So what do you do when someone mistakes professional help for personal interest , Burt ? "
Burt pulled back slightly .
" You ca n't handle some guy ?
That 's a new one . "
Josie laughed softly , " Naw , nothing like that . "
" Some woman ? "
Burt raised his brows and wiggled them as he smiled .
One of his front teeth was still broken .
He did n't want to fix it because it reminded him of how stupid he had been on his bike .
" Some kid , " Josie answered .
" Some poor messed up kid . "
" Bummer , " he mumbled as he considered the ramifications of that .
" Yeah .
I ' m not sure what to do .
What do I know about kids ? "
Josie traced a pattern through the water ring her mug had left on the bar as she lapsed into a thoughtful silence .
" Or maybe I ' m making too much of it . "
Finally Burt sighed real deep .
He stood up , took the towel from his waist , and Josie 's arm by the wrist .
He lifted her hand and wiped the water away .
He patted her hand .
" You do what everyone else in the whole world does , Josie .
Go home .
Get some sleep .
Start doing your job in the morning .
Everything else will work itself out .
It always does .
Besides , Archer 's due back day after tomorrow , is n't he ?
That 's going to make all right with the world . "
" You 're right .
I ' m tired .
I 'll take Max for a walk and get some sleep . "
Josie dropped her foot off the stool , and ten bucks on the bar .
Burt swiped it up , watched her go , and wondered if Josie was dumb enough to believe that piece of crap .
The truth was , personal stuff like that did n't just hang on , it burrowed like a tick , and that could make you real sick if it was the right kind of tick .


CHAPTER 13 " My client looks forward to getting back to being a child . "
– Josie Baylor - Bates " I have great faith in the justice system . "
– Kip Rayburn " I want my daughter home . "
– Linda Rayburn Linda and Kip dashed up the steps of the courthouse .
Josie Baylor - Bates was close behind with Hannah cringing inside her protective arm .
Reporters followed , tossing questions and shoving microphones their way .
The three adults threw their answers over their shoulders intent only on getting to the quiet of the courtroom .
They had exchanged no more than hellos when they met on the street .
Each gave a one - sentence statement .
Kip rebuffed Josie 's attempts to thank him for coming , for showing support .
He was there to show his support for the court , for the system , for a girl who was only accused .
It was the line the governor 's right hand man , Alex Schaeffer , had suggested he stick with .
Kip hated it .
Holding Linda 's hand was his idea .
Linda clung to him .
Even when Josie held the door open for them Linda hung back as if afraid something might happen to her if she walked through them .
That was understandable .
Josie had rushed up these steps with another client three years ago and met her Waterloo .
Kip was taut , anxious , and trying to hide at every turn .
Understandably so .
He would n't be able to watch the trial .
The prosecution had subpoenaed him .
He would wait outside the doors until it was his turn to testify .
It was a despicable move by Klein and there was nothing Josie could do about it .
Hannah was the only one who remained silent , her eyes downcast , hearing , no doubt , every nuance in the terse exchanges between parents and attorney , attorney and reporters .
Inside , no one spoke .
They passed through the metal detectors single file .
Purses , briefcases went through the conveyor belt .
Arms out .
Wands were passed over each of them .
They waited for the elevator and entered together .
They exited with Linda leading , her arm around Hannah , Kip on the other side of the girl .
A tense caravan , they walked into a courtroom filled with curious , respectfully subdued spectators .
The clerk was handling last minute housekeeping .
The bench rose high off the floor , the seal of the state hung heavy on the wall .
Josie and Hannah parted ways with the Rayburns .
They went to the seats behind the bar , Josie and Hannah to the table in front of it .
Josie put her briefcase on top , pushed the chair aside with her leg .
Hannah was already settled , her hands in her lap , looking exactly as Josie had requested .
Her wild hair was plaited in a braid down her back , wisps of caramel colored hair curled around her temple , highlighting her eyes .
She wore a white sweater set , long sleeved to cover the scars on her arms .
Her skirt was flowered in black and navy .
It hit below her knees .
Her shoes were low heeled ; her multiple piercings discarded save for pearls on each earlobe .
Josie leaned down , put her hand on Hannah 's shoulder and whispered : " I 'll be right back . "
Hannah was quick .
Her hand caught Josie 's .
She held on tight .
Without a word she begged Josie with her eyes .
Do n't go .
Do n't leave .
Josie extricated herself .
She half - smiled knowing she would n't be effective for Hannah if she could n't banish the ghost of Kristin Davis real fast .
" I 'll only be a minute .
You can talk to your mom .
It 's okay . "
Josie looked at no one as she pushed through the door , walked halfway down the long hall , went into the ladies room into a stall and closed the door behind her .
Sitting on the toilet fully dressed , Josie cradled her head in her hands .
She felt heavy , unworkable , in need of some cosmic grease for joints that had n't moved in years .
She had been so sure the determination , the excitement , the game - day exhilaration would drive away any doubt or fear that still clung to her like a fine sea spray .
She was wrong .
" Come on .
Come on " Josie gritted her teeth and cheered herself on .
This was n't three years ago .
Her client was n't an evil woman with an increasingly wicked agenda .
This was Hannah who called and talked just to make sure Josie was still with her .
This was a kid who showed Josie exactly how she tried to put out the fire .
This was a case where all the prosecution had was circumstantial evidence .
She could do this .
She could win , and it would be right .
Sitting up straight , Josie took a deep breath through her nose and held it in her lungs .
She put her hands in the pockets of her blazer and squared her shoulder .
Her fingers curled around the picture she 'd almost forgotten was there .
Archer had come early in the morning , missing her as she walked Max .
He had taped his favorite picture of her to the door of her house : Six pack abs showing , square jawed face straight on to the camera , hat on backward , and glaring eyes behind the glasses .
He had taken it when she lost a point ; Archer could see that she meant to win the next one .
Now the next one was here .
She wanted to do him proud , she wanted everyone to be proud including herself .
Pocketing the picture , Josie got up , washed her hands for good measure , and walked down the center aisle of the courtroom where she sat next to Hannah as the Court TV cameras rolled .
Cyrus Norris , the trial judge , took the bench , Kip Rayburn left the courtroom , and Rudy Klein began his case with Chris Keenan , the arson investigator .
Young enough to be the kind of guy every woman would want to have around to put out her fire , old enough to be competent , he was the perfect witness .
Blue eyed , black haired and handsomely dressed Mr . Keenan answered clearly and spoke directly to Rudy .
They 'd run through the preliminaries : when he arrived at the scene , ordering up the dogs , cordoning off the scene , and the suspicious color of the smoke indicating accelerants had been used .
Now Rudy propped a board on an easel in front of the jury .
Exhibit one .
The crime scene .
The handsome Mr . Keenan pointed out where he had found the first indication that accelerants had been used to start the fire .
Six feet inside the French doors on the ground level .
Exhibit two .
Enlarged photos of the flooring shadowed with burn marks .
Spalling , he called it .
Caused by either high heat or mechanical pressure .
Keenan flashed a bright white , perfect smile at Rudy that radiated right into the jurors ' hearts .
" The marks were made by high heat .
A petroleum - based flammable was spilled on the asphalt tile floor and set afire .
When the asphalt curled in the heat the liquid seeped through to the concrete and pooled in cracks .
Bottom line , the fire on the first floor was deliberately set using a flammable liquid as an accelerant . "
" And could you identify that agent ? '
Rudy asked .
" Turpentine , " the witness answered .
" And the second floor ? "
Rudy pointed to the exhibit .
" The vapor samples were consistent with a turpentine spill . "
Keenan answered .
" The fire was deliberately set just inside the door of the bedroom where the body of Justice Rayburn was found . "
" Is it unusual to find two independent points of origin in the matter of arson ? "
" No .
It 's very common .
The arsonist realized she could n't rely on the first fire to accomplish her objective . "
" Your Honor , the use of the pronoun is prejudicial ! "
Josie was on her feet .
Keenan might as well have hung a guilty sign on Hannah with that one .
" Restate , Mr . Keenan , " Judge Norris said offhandedly , leaving the outrage for the attorneys .
" In my experience , the first fire is set to destroy something and the second would be started in the hopes of destroying the evidence of the first arson or an additional crime . "
" So in this case , the objective of the first fire would be to make sure Fritz Rayburn was killed in that – " " Your Honor !
Speculative and highly prejudicial . "
This time Josie flew out of her chair .
Beside her , Hannah 's hands hit the underside of the table in agitation .
Judge Norris shot a finger at the prosecutor .
" Mr .
Klein that will not be tolerated .
The jury is instructed to disregard Mr . Klein 's comment .
Mr .
Klein , you know the boundaries .
Do n't cross them . "
" I was just connecting the dots , Your Honor , " Rudy explained , his deceit obvious to his peers .
To the jury , that comely face of his wore a look of innocent surprise that he had displeased the judge .
He backed away , smiling apologetically , until the jury could no longer see his face .
When he passed Josie , his expression was rock hard .
He was happy to have drawn the first blood .
They did n't acknowledge one another as Josie stood .
Two could play at this game .
He nicked a vein ; she would go for the witness 's jugular .
Squaring her shoulders Josie let the jurors get a good look at her .
She did n't want them trying to figure out how tall she was when they should be watching as this witness went down in flames .


CHAPTER 14 " Mr . Keenan , you testified that there were pools of flammable liquid found in the crevices of the concrete floor on the ground level .
Would you consider that unusual given the inventory you noted in that room ? "
" The concentration of the fluid was unusual , " the witness answered .
" But the room was used as an art studio .
Would it be unusual to find turpentine in a studio ? "
" No . "
" I would n't think so either , Mr . Keenan . "
Josie smiled , happy that they could instantly agree with one another .
" In fact , you referred to the pooling of turpentine as a spill .
Would you say it was unthinkable for an artist to accidentally spill turpentine in the course of completing a project ? "
" No , it 's not unthinkable but . . . "
Josie turned back to him , all business , non - threatening .
She was simply intellectually curious , a direct contrast to Rudy 's more affable style .
" So it is possible that in a studio , anyone going about the business of creating art could have accidentally spilled turpentine in that particular area . "
" Yes . "
" And even if the artist wiped it up , it would be impossible to see the liquid pooling in the cracks and crevices of the floor .
Yes or no . "
" Yes , " the witness answered , chaffing against the restraint of a one - word answer .
" Thank you , Mr . Keenan .
Now , can you tell me what overlap is ? "
Josie changed tracks effortlessly .
Let Rudy use the dirty tricks ; she would use finesse .
" Overlap is a phenomenon by which a fire burning on one floor licks up to the floor above it and ignites a separate fire . "
" During stage two when the fire is free burning , is it possible for a fire to spread by flashover , Mr . Keenan ? "
Josie asked .
" Yes . "
" How about spontaneous ignition ? "
" Yes , in certain condit – " " Convection ? "
Josie questioned without defining terms .
The rhythm made the words frightening , mysterious and important .
She felt swept along with the tempo of the moment .
It was a good feeling .
" Yes . "
" Pyrolysis ? "
" Possible . "
" Could a fire spread vertically ? "
Keenan raised his hand slightly in exasperation .
" Yes , it could spread up stairwells or pipe shafts .
But in this case . . . "
Josie interrupted , turning toward his sketch of the crime scene .
" What is this area indicated on your sketch of the scene ? "
Josie pointed to a green box .
" That is a dumb waiter . "
" A dumb waiter is a hollow shaft between the first floor and the second floor of that wing , is n't it Mr . Keenan ?
And the inside of this dumb waiter was charred was n't it , Mr . Keenan ? "
" Yes . "
" Consistent with highly accelerated vertical travel of the fire ? "
" Yes . "
" And this stairwell , Mr . Keenan ? "
Josie pointed to a rectangular area .
" Another vertical path upon which the fire from the first floor could travel ? "
" Yes , but that does n't take into consideration the flash point of the fire upstairs . "
Josie lips twitched .
She barely took a breath .
" Mr .
Keenan , can you tell us when the accelerant was spilled upstairs ? "
" Considering the burn patterns , the rate of vaporization of the accelerants , the amount of accelerant left in the carpet samples the spill happened within minutes of being ignited . "
" And how was the fire initiated ? "
Josie asked , leaning toward him as if she was hanging on his every word .
" We found matches on the ground floor .
We 're still testing debris on the second floor . "
Josie walked slowly toward the jury .
She stood close as if she was part of them , as if they were a team .
Her skepticism radiated outward , engulfing them .
" Mr .
Keenan , can you tell us who used that match to set the fire downstairs ? "
" No , I can not . "
" Could you tell if the match was dropped by someone ?
A smoker ?
Someone lighting a candle ? "
" I do n't think that is probable . "
" But is it possible ? "
Josie prodded .
" It is possible , but not probable . "
" But it is possible , " Josie insisted .
" Yes , " Keenan acquiesced , his face coloring .
Josie nodded thoughtfully .
She began to walk toward Hannah .
She was almost at the table , almost by her client 's side , when suddenly she looked over her shoulder , held up a finger as if remembering something important .
" Mr .
Keenan ?
How long have you been an arson inspector ? "
If looks could kill , Josie would have been incinerated where she stood .
" Six months , " he answered .
" That long ? "
Josie drawled .
" And how many arson investigations have you conducted ? "
" Two , " he said quietly .
" Including the Rayburn fire ? "
she asked .
" Objection , Your Honor ! "
Rudy had finally had enough .
" The defense stipulated to his expert status before he took the stand .
She has nothing to gain by trying to insult this witness . "
" Withdrawn , " Josie said quietly , confidently , her point well taken .
Rudy stood up without an invitation to redirect .
He did n't button his coat .
Instead , he stuffed one hand in his pocket and ran his other through his hair .
" Mr .
Keenan , have you completed all the necessary training an arson investigator needs to be qualified in the State of California ? "
" I was top of my class . "
" And what did you do before you became an arson investigator ? "
" I was a firefighter for fifteen years . "
" And could you tell the court why you are no longer a firefighter ? "
" I lost my leg when I fell through the roof of a burning building while attempting to rescue a woman on the second floor . "
Rudy dismissed Chris Keenan , keeping his eyes on Josie as he walked back to his table .
Disgust radiated from him .
Josie 's eyes locked with his .
She had nothing to be ashamed of .
He would have ripped Chris Keenan to shreds if he 'd been in her shoes .
He just would have done it with a smile .
" I have no more questions for this very expert witness , Your Honor . "
" Then this seems to be a good time to break for lunch . "
Judge Norris ended the opening skirmish .
Rudy Klein left the courtroom , Linda and Hannah walked out after the spectators .
Josie sat for a minute , looking at the bench and the witness stand .
The muscles in her body had been locked since the proceedings began and now , suddenly , she realized they had miraculously relaxed .
Josie laughed a little and shook her head .
She was still standing .
Josie got up and rapped the wooden table for luck and turned around in the silent courtroom , turned around and found that she was n't quite alone after all .
She walked down the center aisle , stopping when she reached the last pew .


CHAPTER 15 " Hey , Faye .
Checking up on me so I do n't give the firm a bad name ? "
Josie slung her purse over her shoulder as she pushed through the swinging gate .
Smiling , she joined Faye and together they walked into the hall .
" Just happened to be in the neighborhood . "
" Right , " Josie laughed and touched Faye 's arm , steering her around a knot of attorneys and their clients who had gathered outside department 50 .
Hannah and Linda were gone .
Kip was nowhere to be seen and Josie could only hope that he was with his wife and stepdaughter .
" I met Kip Rayburn .
Introduced myself as your partner , " Faye said before giving her a sly wink .
" I do n't think he appreciates your talents . "
" There are only twelve people I want to appreciate me , " Josie answered .
" And I do n't want to talk about Kip Rayburn .
Come on , I 'll buy you lunch .
It 's the least I can do for the only friendly face in the crowd . "
" I tried to get Archer to come but he would n't , " Faye said as she got into the elevator .
" I would n't expect him to . "
Josie pushed the button for the ground floor and stood back , a small smile on her face .
Faye did n't understand that Archer had been with her since this whole thing started .
* * * Kip Rayburn saw Josie leave the courthouse but gave her no more than a passing thought .
Hidden behind the blackout windows of the state owned SUV , Hannah and Linda already sent away in another car to lunch , he concentrated on what Cheryl Winston , the governor 's campaign manager was telling him .
" Our polling results indicate there 's a fifty two percent approval rating for your appointment .
The governor is happy with that . "
Kip nodded .
Happy was not pleased .
Pleased was not thrilled .
The governor was simply happy about the results and Kip knew , without a doubt , that two percentage points were all that stood between him and mediocrity .
He managed a thin smile while she kept going .
" The focus groups were supportive of you standing by your wife .
They split on whether or not you owe Hannah anything .
That 's to be expected .
A criminal case like this engenders strong feelings both ways . "
" Did you ask them what they 'd think if I testified for the prosecution ? "
Kip asked .
" Admiration .
You score big there .
They think you would be courageous .
The public does n't view this as they would a husband testifying against his wife .
Remember , half the families in this country are blended .
You 've got a lot of people who may like their new spouse , but do n't care for the kids .
Or , they inherited a real bad apple when they got married .
No big deal .
When it comes to your nomination , they just do n't know how you stand on certain issues but they 're willing to give you a shot because of your father .
Those we polled figured they do n't know anything about their local judges either , so what the heck .
All in all , Mr . Rayburn , I think we 're on target .
Just hang in there .
Stay cool during the trial . "
Cheryl closed her folder and gave Kip a broad smile .
She was just a kid .
Kip hated being at the mercy of kids .
Still , he smiled back .
The governor obviously had faith in her , and Kip would n't do anything to undermine his standing with the governor .
" I will .
It will be tough , but I believe in the system . "
Cheryl seemed to wince .
Kip knew he had to work on his presentation .
Sincerity had never been a strong suit .
" That 's admirable . "
Cheryl answered in a way that made Kip feel as if he had shown his teacher a particularly unmemorable piece of artwork .
" We 're thinking confirmation in about two months .
I 'll let the governor know everything looks okay down here .
If you need us or have any questions , just call me or Alex . "
Kip took her card , noted the plethora of numbers – fax , phone , e - mail , and cell – and said : " Thanks . "
" Get some lunch . "
She patted his arm .
" It looks like it 's going to be a long day .
It 's great that you 're willing to hang out .
Makes you look like you 're concerned .
Oh , you may want to bring something appropriate to read since the press will be seeing you waiting outside the courtroom to testify .
Recent Supreme Court Decisions might make for a good photo op .
I can get you a copy if you want , " Cheryl suggested .
" And do n't worry .
Looks like you 've got a good lawyer for Hannah .
I have a feeling this thing is going to run at record speed .
By the time you 're confirmed , this trial will be a memory . "
With that , the governor 's gal took off .
Kip did n't take her advice about lunch .
He was n't hungry .
Instead , he wandered back into the courtroom wishing he could sit and listen .
He wanted to know what the prosecution had .
He wanted to know if Hannah was going to be out of his life for good .
But he was the one who offered himself as a witness .
He could n't have it both ways .
Besides , he really did n't care about the battle ; it was the war he wanted to win .
Slowly he walked down the center aisle , his eyes roamed over the jumble of cables and wires that connected the Court TV camera .
Everyone was gone .
They would be gone for an hour and a half .
Kip passed the bar and stood in front of the bench .
It was n't an unfamiliar place but , in his career , his handful of trials had not created a sterling resume of accomplishment .
Now , if he were patient , all that would change .
Yes it would .
Without a second thought , Kip Rayburn mounted the steps to the bench and sat in Judge Norris 's high - backed chair .
Kip leaned back .
He swiveled right then left .
He looked at everything : the full calendar , the small clock , the state - of - the - art computer , and the gavel .
It was the gavel he found interesting .
He picked it up and ran his fingers down the carved handle , over the heavy head with the brass band declaring it a gift of an appreciative staff .
Kip Rayburn sat forward , thinking of nothing and everything all at once .
Looking at the gavel he raised the head and brought it down on Judge Cyrus Norris 's desk and whispered : " Guilty . "
* * * Josie and Faye grabbed a sandwich at the courtyard coffee shop of St . Vibiana 's .
Los Angeles 's new Cathedral had risen like Herod 's palace in the desert of downtown .
The whole thing had cost good Cardinal Mahoney a bundle of dough and an avalanche of bad press .
Some inventive reporter had tagged the thing the Taj Mahoney for all its grandeur in the midst of so much need .
Homeless , displaced Hispanic families , the poor of L.A. could be housed and fed forever on half of what it cost to build the thing .
Still , all was not lost . St . Vibiana 's served a purpose .
It was another stop on the tourist track , a graveyard for those who could afford twenty grand for a prime crypt , the sandwich shop did a brisk business , and the courtyard was an oasis .
Statues of Buddy Christ , His sacred thumb raised in a sign of corporal encouragement , were lined up in the gift shop .
None of it impressed Josie .
She 'd seen better churches , and had better sandwiches , but the company was blessed .
It was a miracle that Faye had come all this way .
" She 's prettier in person .
Her pictures do n't do her justice .
Your client , I mean . "
Faye pushed aside her sandwich .
" She 's a beautiful girl . "
Josie rose long enough to throw away the paper plates and Styrofoam cups .
When she sat down again she asked , " How much did you see ? "
" Enough to know you did n't lose any ground , " Faye answered .
" You should be proud of yourself .
You handled that witness well .
You 're a regular Clarence Darrow . "
Josie cocked a grin .
" That means a lot coming from you even if it is a line of bull . "
" Take it for what it 's worth .
But when have you known me to lie ? '
Faye reapplied her lipstick then dropped it in her purse .
" Angie put the police reports in order for you .
You 'll have a summary on your desk tomorrow . "
" Good .
She 's been working hard .
I ' m sorry I ' m taking up so much of her time . "
Faye 's attention was caught by the Biblical garden ; sand and date palms were more interesting than talk of business and Josie took a minute to really look at her .
Faye Baxter could have been one of the church ladies whose buses came and went as they checked God 's little L.A. acre . Everything about her was perfect – hair , make - up , clothes – but the years and loss of a husband had added weight to both body and soul .
When Josie remained silent , Faye took a quick breath and smiled , seemingly embarrassed to be caught daydreaming .
She put her elbows on the table , clasping her hands so that she could lean her chin against them .
" The prosecution seems to have dotted all their ' i 's .
What 's your case looking like ? "
" I 've got my own forensic people and an independent review of the autopsy .
It contradicts the prosecution 's contention that Fritz Rayburn was alive when the fire started .
What it really boils down to is , we say / they say .
Klein 's got a lot of circumstantial evidence , and I ' m going to have to make sure I knock down the building blocks . "
" Are you going to call the girl to the stand ? "
Faye asked .
" Hannah ? "
Josie said her name just to hear it .
The girl label grated on her ears , it made Hannah seem irrelevant .
" I hope not , but I wo n't know until Rudy wraps up .
I want something proactive for the defense ; something that jury has n't heard before .
Maybe the police reports will have something tight I can use . "
" You 'll figure it out , " Faye assured her .
" You think ? "
Josie asked .
" I know . "
Faye stood up and looked over her shoulder .
Her nose crinkled .
She pushed her glasses up and shook her head at the cathedral .
" This place is ugly .
It looks like a bunker .
I ' m not going to make this drive again so I might as well see what all the fuss is about .
Come on , I 'll help you pray for inspiration . "
Faye laced her arm through Josie 's , only letting go when they crossed the threshold , walking up a wide , sloped , marble concourse that opened onto a cavernous , cold and calculated place of worship .
A couple hundred million bought a hell of a lot of space , some incredible artwork , and a football field of marble that served as an altar .
Massive organ pipes ruptured the wall fifty feet above the faithful .
Christ was made of bubbled iron , his hands and feet deformed as he hung on a cross , stuck in the floor , earthbound instead of rising miraculously toward heaven .
A wood throne was impressive , carved and detailed down to the dimples that would cradle the Cardinal 's holy cheeks .
The Virgin Mary had been transformed from a veiled , long - suffering , courageous mother to a strange alien - like presence .
Her hair was buzz cut , her face a collage of cultures , her gown less a garment and more a suit of armor .
Josie sidestepped into a pew .
Faye crossed herself and knelt .
Light filtered through paper - thin alabaster panels .
There were no windows .
Colossal , politically correct tapestries hung on one towering wall ; the Stations of the Cross were missing .
Pews were lined up stadium style for an unobstructed view of the pageantry du jour .
Today maybe fifty people milled about looking for God .
Even Josie was curious .
Where was His warmth , the love the faithful sought from the Supreme Being ?
There were no nooks and crannies for him to nestle in , nor any towering symbol of His might .
God was MIA , leaving visitors to be awestruck by man 's creativity and cleverness .
Not that any of this mattered to Josie .
These were observations of an agnostic .
Josie was thirty - three the last time she made a simple request of God ; send Emily , her mother , home .
It did n't work .
God did n't listen so she did n't bother trying now .
She sat quietly and watched Faye , her eyes closed , her hands folded .
Well , maybe He did listen a little .
Something had brought Faye downtown , and Josie would be forever grateful .
Closing her eyes , Josie took advantage of the quiet and calm while Faye prayed .
When Josie opened them again she was staring at a little girl walking backwards instead of following her teacher down the center aisle .
The teacher caught on and hustled the girl back ' round until she was on the right path again .
Josie cocked her head .
Her eyes wandered to the blood - red marble altar .
Faye got off her knees and slid onto the wooden pew next to Josie .
" I said a prayer for you .
It is guaranteed you 'll come through this unscathed . "
Faye smoothed her skirt .
Josie was n't listening .
Her brain had kicked up a notch .
Not quite to miracle status but definitely to an epiphany mode .
It would n't have surprised her if a chorus of angels started singing and a shaft of heavenly light was surrounding her head .
It had nothing to do with Faye 's prayers .
This was pure inspiration .
I 'd die if I could n't . . .
Josie sat up straighter and muttered : " Hannah said she 'd die if she could n't paint . "
" What ? "
Faye asked .
" Hannah said she 'd die if she could n't paint . "
The tips of Josie 's fingers lay lightly on Faye 's arm as if that would make her get it .
" Faye , look at these people .
They 're like sheep .
They go down the center aisle , to the side , down the steps to the crypt and back up .
They do n't touch anything .
They do n't even talk out loud .
They 're respectful .
No , it 's more than that .
They would die before they did harm to this cathedral . "
" And your point is ? "
" That 's exactly what Hannah does , " Josie whispered excitedly , finally facing Faye .
" She walks around her house on a specific course because that 's the only thing she has faith in , the only place she reveres .
Hannah said she checked on her paintings every night .
She has shown me that route .
The paintings are the last thing she checks .
Why ?
Because the entire house is as precious to her as this church is to these people – her studio is the sacristy . "
I tried to save them .
" Faye , I thought it was a figure of speech when she said she tried to save them .
You know , like people swearing they 'll die if they do n't get to the gym . "
" But Hannah really meant it , is that what you 're saying ? "
" Exactly .
She would have to feel almost spiritual about her paintings if she was willing to put her hand into a fire .
And , if she feels that way , then I bet she could n't have set that fire because there 's a divine significance to the material .
There is a meaning attached to those paintings that is greater than the self .
That 's how Hannah felt about her studio and that is the way these people feel about the house of God . "
" That is nice , but what 's it suppose to mean to a jury ? "
" If Hannah 's purpose in life was to paint , if the one place she felt safe and comfortable was her studio , then she could n't destroy the purpose or the place without destroying her own life . "
Josie snapped her fingers .
" I want Angie to get me as much information as she can on obsessive / compulsives : specifically the extremes of their behaviors regarding their environments .
I want to know what kind of reaction they would have if that environment was disturbed , or destroyed . "
Faye shook her head .
" Forget it .
The paintings and studio are gone and Hannah 's still kicking .
She did n't die because those things were destroyed . "
" But , " Josie said pointedly , " she did n't destroy them .
They were destroyed .
That 's a whole different thing .
She tried to put that fire out because she could n't be responsible .
It 's a mental thing , not a physical thing .
We call the physical evidence into question – no problem – and with the next punch we establish that Hannah is incapable of destructive behavior regarding her environment . "
" That is a stretch , Josie . "
Faye was guarded but Josie was energized .
" No , it is n't .
I can make that jury believe it and understand it .
I 've done it before .
Say it with enough conviction , enough passion , get an expert to back you up , and it becomes real .
I need to know how adaptable someone with Hannah 's condition really is .
That 's the key to this whole thing . "
Josie checked her watch .
" I 've got to run .
It 's late .
Have Angie start checking the literature and the experts the minute you get back .
Rudy Klein may not have to prove Hannah had a motive for setting the fire , but I ' m going to give them a hell of a reason why she never could have done it . "
Josie sidestepped across Faye and was headed out of the Cathedral when she remembered something important .
Rushing back to Faye , she leaned down : " Thank you for coming .
You may make me a believer yet . "
Faye sat in silence looking at the curious , the sightseers , the true believers , and the bored school children as the sound of Josie 's footsteps faded away .
It was late .
Time to go if she did n't want to hit traffic .
Before she did , though , Faye Baxter got on her knees once more .
She crossed herself twice .
Faye had a terrible , terrible feeling that things were n't going to be as simple as Josie thought .


CHAPTER 16 " I do n't know .
I figure she did it but she 'll probably get off .
I mean she 's rich , right ?
If you 're rich you get off in Los Angeles . "
– Steven , 21 , man on the street interview regarding Hannah Sheraton In the four days that followed , the lab technician testified that the charred matches found in the debris of the Rayburn fire were damn near one of a kind or , at least , very unusual .
Each matchstick was carved into a tiny octagon , the Chinese symbol for good luck was almost microscopically stamped on each shaft and the sulfur on the head was a neon rainbow of colors .
The company that manufactured those matches was in Taiwan .
They had a decent foothold on the East Coast but only a handful of customers on the west .
The Coffee Haus in the Palisades Village was one of them .
Hannah Sheraton was a regular at the Coffee Haus .
Josie asked the lab tech if the charred matches found on the first floor of the Rayburn house came from the box found in Hannah Sheraton 's room .
He could only be certain that the matches at the scene were exactly the same as those in the box found in Hannah 's room .
Josie asked if anyone could be sure they came from a particular box .
No , probably not , but . . .
Josie cut him off but a quick look at the jury told her she 'd gained no ground .
They liked the connections Rudy had already made with this witness .
Rudy called the detective who searched the Rayburn home when it was determined it was a crime scene .
How many boxes of matches from the Coffee Haus had he found in the Rayburn home ?
" Two , " said the witness .
" The Coffee Haus matches logged with my mark and entered as exhibit eleven were found in a foyer table that was situated between the front door and Ms . Sheraton 's bedroom .
The Coffee Haus matches logged with my mark and entered as exhibit twelve were found in Hannah Sheraton 's bedroom , hidden beneath her mattress along with marijuana and a small stash of pills .
There were no other matches of that particular brand found in the rest of the house . "
" Did you conduct a thorough search of the Rayburn home including the wing that was damaged in the fire ? "
" Yes , the house was thoroughly searched and no , I did not find a Coffee Haus box in the wing where the fire occurred . "
" So you only found two boxes of those particular matches .
One in a hall table near the defendant 's room , the other hidden in Hannah Sheraton 's room , " Rudy asked .
" Yes , " came the answer .
Rudy wanted to know about the other things the detective found hidden in Hannah 's room .
Josie objected .
The question was overly broad .
Rudy got more specific .
" What kind of pills did you find hidden in the defendant 's room ? "
" Vicodin .
Prescription pain relievers . "
" Were the pills in a prescription bottle ? "
" No , " came the detective 's reply " Did you find a prescription for Vicodin in Hannah Sheraton 's name anywhere in the house ? "
" No . "
" Did you determine what bottle the pills in Hannah Sheraton 's room came from ? "
" Objection , Your Honor .
Speculation .
There is no way to know if those pills were taken from a specific bottle , " Josie insisted .
" Sustained .
" Did n't you find a prescription bottle on the premises ? "
Rudy would connect the dots another way .
" There was a bottle of the same medication in Justice Rayburn 's bathroom . "
" Was the bottle damaged ? "
" The bottle was dirtied with soot and slightly melted , but the label was intact . "
" And what did you conclude ? "
" I found that a prescription for Vicodin had been filled for Fritz Rayburn the day before the fire .
There were seven pills missing from the Justice Rayburn 's bottle ; six pills were found in Hannah Sheraton 's room .
The autopsy showed that Justice Rayburn had ingested one pill approximately five hours before he died . "
" Did you find any fingerprints other than those of Justice Rayburn on the pill bottle ? "
" We found a partial that matched Hannah Sheraton 's right thumb . "
" What did you conclude from this ? "
Rudy asked .
" That Ms . Sheraton had taken pills from that bottle sometime before the fire started . "
" Why are you sure she touched that bottle before the fire started ? "
" The defendant 's right hand was burned in the fire .
We could not get a clear thumb print during our booking procedure because of her burn but she had been fingerprinted after an arrest earlier this year . "
" I see . "
Rudy nodded sagely .
" It is sad when someone will go to such lengths for drugs . "
" Move to strike , " Josie called .
" So stricken .
Watch it , Mr . Klein . "
Rudy barely acknowledged the judge as he went on .
" You also found marijuana cigarettes during your search . "
" I did .
One was partially smoked . "
" Where did you find the marijuana , the Vicodin , and the matches ? "
" I found all of these things in a small box .
The partially smoked marijuana cigarette was in the matchbox .
All these things were hidden in the defendant 's bedroom . "
" And did the matchbox carry any identification ? "
" Yes , it came from the Coffee Haus in the Palisades village . "
" The same coffee shop that was referred to by the lab technician ? "
" Yes . "
" Asked and answered , " Josie objected .
" Could you tell if a match from that box had been struck recently ? "
Rudy moved on .
" Yes .
There were marks and sulfur residue on the scratch strip of the box . "
" Can you tell when the match or matches had been struck ? "
Rudy asked .
" Not precisely but the sulfur residue was fresh . "
" Was there sulfur residue on the second box ? "
" No . " " Were there fingerprints on the first match box found in Ms . Sheraton 's room ? "
" Yes .
They were Hannah Sheraton 's fingerprints . "
" And on the matchbox found in the hall ? "
" There were partials we could n't match . "
Rudy turned to Josie .
" Your witness . "


CHAPTER 17 " What pills ? "
– Note from Josie to Hannah " Fritz gave them to me .
For when I hurt . "
– Note from Hannah to Josie Josie took her place in front of the witness .
Hannah 's explanation sucked so she would have to run around the ' why ' of the pills .
" Detective , after you found the box of matches in Hannah Sheraton 's bedroom where did you put it ? "
" I put the matches in my right pocket , " he answered , shifting in the chair .
He was an old hand and he did that to be comfortable , not because he was concerned about Josie .
" You put them in your pocket after you tagged them , is that correct , sir ? "
The detective blushed .
He knew what was coming .
" No , I did n't initially tag the matches . "
" Then what did you do with them ? "
Josie asked , her brow beetling with curiosity .
" I put the box from the bedroom in my right coat pocket .
The box from the hall table I carried to the car where I tagged them both . "
" Have they changed police procedure , detective ? "
Josie asked .
" No , ma ' am . "
" Then correct me if I ' m wrong , but are n't you supposed to tag and bag evidence where you find it to protect the integrity of evidence ? "
" I ran out of evidence bags . "
" So , let me get this straight , " Josie said thoughtfully .
" Instead of leaving the matches at the scene , going to your car to get the evidence bags and returning , you took this critical evidence with you ? "
" Yes . "
" And why did you do that ? "
Josie asked .
" So that the chain of evidence would n't be broken .
I did n't want anyone else picking up that evidence . "
" So you took a chance on contaminating the evidence rather than breaking the chain . "
Josie nodded as if she understood completely .
She asked , " When you reached your car did you immediately mark the box in your hand ? "
The detective shook his head .
He shifted back to the other side of the chair .
" Not exactly .
I put the box from the defendant 's room in my right pocket while I unlocked the door to get more evidence bags . "
Josie held up two boxes of matches before putting one in each pocket of her jacket .
She moved toward the jury , speaking casually as she went .
" Then we can be sure that the box of matches from Hannah Sheraton 's room came out of your pocket and was marked and set aside . "
" That is correct , " the detective replied .
" Just like that ? "
Josie held up a box of matches .
" From your right pocket ? "
" Yes , " the detective replied .
" Let the record show that the matches I showed the detective were taken out of my left pocket . "
Josie faced the jury as she held up a small box of matches .
" Perhaps the detective had the same problem with left and right on the day he collected and tagged these exhibits . "
" Objection , Your Honor , " Rudy called , " this is not a made for television movie . "
" One more question , " Josie said as the judge overruled the prosecutor 's objection .
" Detective , how do you account for the marijuana cigarette being inside the matchbox and hidden in Ms . Sheraton 's room ? "
" I do n't know what you mean . "
" I mean , in your expert opinion , do you think it reasonable that this sixteen year old girl could set a deadly fire in two places , return to her room , have the presence of mind to put her half smoked joint in the same box of matches she used to commit arson and take the time to hide the whole thing neatly under her mattress before running back and sticking her hand in the fire ?
Do you really think Hannah Sheraton could , or would , do that ? "
" Sure , why not ? "
The detective answered with a shrug .
" Do you know that it takes a minimum of six and a half minutes to run from her room , through the house and to the west wing of the house ? "
" I have n't timed it , " the detective answered .
" Did you know it took the fire department three and a half minutes to respond to the alarm ? "
Josie pointed out .
" I read that in their report . "
" And did you read that the fire was fully engaged when they arrived ? "
" I did . "
" And you still believe it is possible that Hannah Sheraton burned her hand , returned to the house , hid the matches without anyone seeing her , and returned to the scene so she could sit behind a fountain and wait for the fire department ? "
" Maybe she runs really fast . "
" Maybe you need to do the math , " Josie snapped .
" Objection . "
This from Rudy .
" Withdrawn , " Josie said with obvious disgust .
Josie took her seat ; satisfied she 'd given the jury something to think about .
She only hoped that Rudy did n't point out there were at least three ways to get from Hannah 's room to the scene of the fire and two of them took slightly under three minutes at a full run .
Rudy stood up and buttoned his coat .
" How many matches were there in the box found in Ms . Sheraton 's room ? "
" Twenty .
The other box had twenty - five matches .
The boxes are packed with twenty - five matches at the factory .
I contacted the manufacturer and confirmed this .
I also made notations regarding the count before I left Ms . Sheraton 's room .
Before I left the hall area I also made a notation of the number of matches in exhibit eleven . "
" And would you examine exhibit twelve please ? "
Rudy handed the man a clear plastic bag that he opened .
He took out the box and opened that , too .
" There are twenty matches plus a partially smoked marijuana cigarette , " the detective answered .
" Then I suppose it did n't matter what pocket you put the two pieces of evidence in , did it , detective .
It is not as if the content of these two boxes was identical . "
Rudy was done .
Josie made a note .
She would collect as many Coffee Haus matchboxes as possible and count out every single one .
She wanted the detective 's history regarding evidence tampering and collection .
She wanted it all before the defense had to present its case .
On the third day , court resumed at one thirty .
Mr .
Hilbrun , proprietor of the Coffee Haus , took the stand .
He was short , tanned , uncomfortable in his tie , and unhappy .
The Coffee Haus did n't run itself .
He should be working .
Of course he knew Hannah Sheraton .
She came to the Coffee Haus all the time .
Sometimes she was alone , and sometimes she was with a boy with crazy hair .
Sometimes she sat in a corner and drew pictures .
Mostly she just drank coffee by herself and looked out the window .
She fiddled with things .
Fiddled and fiddled .
Drove him crazy .
Rudy asked .
" Is there another reason Hannah Sheraton stuck out in your memory ? "
" She ordered a small coffee and took stuff every time she came in . "
" What kind of things did she take ? "
Rudy asked .
" That girl took napkins and those little wooden stir things .
She took sugar packets and made piles of them on her table . "
Mr . Hilburn 's face was flushing with the thrill of having a public forum to air his complaints about Hannah .
" What else did she take ? "
Rudy asked .
" She took matches all the time . "
Mr . Hilbrun waved his hand and scrunched his nose in disgust at her habit .
" Why do you remember matches in particular ? "
" She orders a coffee for a buck fifty and then takes twenty boxes of my matches .
Even if I stand there and watch her , she counts out twenty and does n't get the hint .
Kids do n't know how much money it costs to run a business .
Anyway , she does n't even smoke . "
Rudy crossed his arms .
" What did she do with all those matches ? "
" Sometimes she lit them , blew them out , and left them on the table in rows .
Like twenty little burned people , " He pulled his hands out in front of him like he was pulling taffy .
" Your Honor , " Josie groaned .
" Sir , if you would answer the questions simply . "
Judge Norris waved them on .
" The detective just testified that he only found two boxes of your matches in the Sheraton House .
If Ms . Sheraton took twenty each time she came in then why do you think he only found two boxes . "
" She did n't take all of them home with her .
Sometimes she left them outside .
Stacked them up like a little kid . "
" Did she leave all of them ? "
" Sometimes , and sometimes she took some with her .
Kids , they do n't know that everything costs .
Napkins , matchboxes , lids , toilet paper , wooden stirrers . "
He ticked the items off his fingers .
" Thank you , Mr . Hilbrun , " Rudy interrupted but the witness wanted to say what he had to say . " . . . sugar packets , straws . . . "
He shook his finger at Hannah .
" If you take all of them , there 's nothing left for anyone else .
I have a business to run .
That 's not good .
I told you .
You should listen , little girl .
You should listen . "
Hannah stayed attentive to Mr . Hilbrun .
She looked as close to beatific as Josie had seen anyone look , but under the table her hands were clasped together in a fist that gently touched the underside of the wood .
It took Judge Norris three tries to get the witness quieted down .
When he finally managed , Josie was given the nod .
She stood up and cross - examined from behind her table .
" How many boxes of matches did people take from your shop last week , Mr . Hilburn ? "
" I do n't know .
Maybe fifty .
Maybe a hundred . "
" So you had a hundred customers in your shop who smoked ? "
" I do n't know if they smoked .
I just see the matches are gone , so I put more in the basket . "
" So you could n't tell me how many you give out in month or a year ? "
Josie raised an eyebrow .
" Not this minute , " he sniped .
" I probably would know if I looked it up and figured out when I order more . "
" But it 's a lot , is n't it ?
You reorder quite often . "
" Yeah , a lot , " he grumbled .
" Do you remember everyone who comes into your coffee place , Mr . Hilbrun ? "
" I remember her , " he said and pointed at Hannah .
He was working himself up again , his cheeks were scarlet and his eyes sparkled as he warmed to his subject .
" I remember who comes and goes in my place and who does n't treat it right . "
" Do you know if this lady has come in for coffee ? "
Josie indicated Linda sitting front row center .
He shook his head .
" No , I do n't know her . "
Mr . Hilbrun crossed his arms .
" How about the lady sitting next to her ?
Do you recognize that lady ? "
" No , I do n't know her neither . "
He barely looked but that was okay with Josie .
She addressed the court .
" The defense would like to identify Mrs . Peterson , the Rayburn 's housekeeper . "
Josie walked close to Mr . Hilbrun .
" Would it surprise you to know that Mrs . Peterson stops at the Coffee Haus at least three times a week ? "
" That 's good , " the witness huffed .
Another giggle from the jury .
Josie smiled as if to say this all was n't so bad , just a misunderstanding .
She took her hands out of her pockets and pointed to the housekeeper .
" Would it surprise you to know that Mrs . Peterson has , at one time or another , taken matches from the Coffee Haus ? "
" One at a time is okay . "
He was petulant , tired of being the center of attention .
Josie had counted on his waning attention .
" And would it surprise you to know that Mrs . Peterson had a box of Coffee Haus matches in her car the night of the fire ? "
" Why should it surprise me ? "
Mr . Hilbrun shrugged .
" I sell good coffee .
I should be selling coffee right now and not talking about who comes to buy .
So can I go now ? "
" Let the record show that the defense has identified Mrs . Linda Rayburn and Mrs . Peterson who lived at the Pacific Palisades home .
Both had access to the hall table as well as the defendant 's room . "
" Hey , can I go now ? "
Josie gave Mr . Hilbrun a small , perfunctory smile and excused the witness .
The last witness Rudy called on the end of the third day was the chauffer who had seen Hannah arguing with Fritz .
Rudy was to the point .
Josie 's cross of Theodore Smith , a large , hulking man with a whispery voice , was short .
" You just testified that the defendant and Justice Rayburn were arguing ?
Could you hear what they were saying ? "
" Nope , " the man answered .
" Then how did you know they were arguing ? "
Josie asked .
" Her hands were going all over the place .
I can tell when somebody is pissed , ca n't you ? "
He raised a bushy eyebrow .
Josie ignored the question and the challenge .
" Did you know that my client suffers from obsessive / compulsive disorder , sir ?
That she often reaches out to touch something to make herself feel safe ? "
" How could I know that ? "
He dismissed her with a toss of his head .
" Now that you do know , could it be that the defendant was simply trying to find something to touch .
Could it be that 's why she was waving her arms ? "
" Calls for a conclusion , Your Honor , " Rudy objected .
Point made .
Josie took a tangent .
" Could you see both Justice Rayburn and Ms . Sheraton completely ?
Their full bodies ?
Their faces ? "
" I could see the old guy 's head .
I was looking at her back mostly .
Sometimes I could see her from the side " " Then you could n't always see both of the defendant 's hands ? "
" No , not always .
She moved around a lot , " Theodore admitted .
" So you really could n't tell if the defendant pushed Justice Rayburn or touched him or , perhaps , tried to help him because he lost his balance ?
He was an old man , after all . "
" He was n't that old . "
Theodore Smith sized up Josie and nodded a couple of times as if to say no broad was going to trick him up .
" That girl pushed the old guy .
I saw him fall .
I did n't see her try to catch him .
That was not the way she was moving . "
He looked at the jury and warned them : " Do n't you believe what she is saying .
That girl pushed the old guy . "
" Your Honor , " Josie snapped .
" Instruct the witness to answer my questions and move to strike that last comment . "
" So ordered , " Norris instructed .
Josie 's jaw twitched in annoyance .
She began again , drawing up to her full height , clasping her hands behind her back .
" You 're a very big man , Mr . Smith .
If you believed there was an altercation , why did n't you try to stop it ? "
" It happened fast .
They were talking , and then he was on the ground .
There was no time . "
" Talking ? "
Josie reiterated .
" That is a far cry from someone angry enough to assault another person . "
" Arguing , " the witness corrected .
" They were definitely having a strong difference of opinion . "
" Did Justice Rayburn call to you for help ? "
The man shook his head and his chin dimpled as he drew it up thoughtfully .
" Nope . "
" Did he cry out when he fell ? "
Josie demanded .
" No .
But someone needed to help him . "
" And why would you draw that conclusion ? "
Josie pushed .
The witness bridled .
" Because he looked afraid , " Smith said tightly .
" And do n't ask me how I know .
I know afraid , and that man was afraid of her . "
He pointed right at Hannah .
He did so with righteous indignation .
The rhythm of Hannah 's knocking increased .
The witness heard it too and his finger wavered the longer Josie remained silent .
Finally he lowered his hand then raised it again to wipe his forehead seeming to question his own conclusion .
Josie looked at the jury and mused at the witness .
" I guess that little girl scared you , too , since you did n't try to help Justice Rayburn until after she left . "
" Objection , Your Honor , " Rudy called .
" Insulting a witness is not a question . "
" Withdrawn . "
Josie sat down , smiled at Hannah and patted her arm .
Hannah 's eyes rested on Josie .
Judge Norris called it quits for the day and , as soon as the jury was out of the courtroom , Josie asked one more question .
" I want to know about those damn pills . "
* * * " One . Two .
Three ! "
Josie and Archer strained to lift the marble fountain and mount it on the side of the patio wall .
Josie made the final adjustment .
They both stepped back .
A flip of the switch and nothing .
No water spewed out of the little bird 's mouth .
" Forget it .
Just forget it .
It 's too late for this , Archer .
Let 's call it a day . "
Josie sat down on the ground and surveyed the half laid patio tile , and the mounted fountain that would n't work .
She could see through the open door to the dining room table where papers and files were spread among Chinese take - out containers .
" I ca n't walk and chew gum at the same time today . "
She sank to the ground , her back up against the patio wall , one leg up , and one stretched out .
Sweeping up the can of beer by her side , Josie tipped it only to find it empty .
Archer offered his and then put his hand atop her head .
He ruffled her hair as he leaned against the wall and listened to her complain .
" What happened today to set you off ? "
" Nothing , " she muttered .
" Everything , I suppose .
I ' m missing things , Archer .
The cops found Vicodin in Hannah 's bedroom along with a roach .
Rudy 's setting up to say she killed Rayburn for drugs and tried to cover it up with the fire .
Hannah says Rayburn gave the pills to help with the pain when she cut herself . "
" And what do you say ? "
" I say this is beginning to stink .
If Rayburn were this saint who sent Hannah away to rehab to get her sober , why in the hell would he give her something as addictive as Vicodin ?
It makes no sense no matter how much pain Hannah was in .
And that 's another thing .
Hannah does n't show pain .
Not when she cuts herself , not when she burned herself .
She made that clear the first time I met her .
I spoke to her psychiatrist .
Hannah 's pain is so internalized she could probably slit her throat and watch it bleed and not blink .
So , why would Rayburn be so concerned ? "
" Maybe he was the one who had a low threshold for pain .
You know how some people are .
They nurture , and they worry .
Sometimes they do n't do it the right way , " Archer suggested .
Josie shook her head vehemently .
" Nope .
He was a judge .
Rayburn would be guilty of breaking a dozen laws if he handed out prescription medication to a minor .
I do n't buy it . "
" So Hannah is lying ? "
Archer asked , taking the beer back .
" I do n't want to think so but what other conclusion is there ?
Especially given her reaction .
Hannah was too furious when I suggested she was lying .
Way too mad , if you know what I mean .
She was trying to make me feel guilty for even suspecting she was untruthful .
To make matters worse , I think Linda knew something about it . "
" What was the boy wonder doing this whole time ? "
" Kip ?
He was about as interested as a deaf , dumb , and blind man .
Once we were behind closed doors it was pretty evident he 's barely tolerating Hannah , or me . "
Josie 's fist pounded the ground lightly before she drew her open palm over the tile she had so lovingly laid .
" I ' m starting to think I made a real bad choice taking this on . "
Archer sat down beside her .
Josie leaned into him .
They sat in silence , shoulder - to - shoulder , hot and tired .
Max wandered by .
Archer and Josie put out their hands and let them roll across his back as he headed toward the grass .
Josie handed the beer back to Archer .
When he took it , Josie put her head on his shoulder .
" Are you ever sorry you did n't have kids with Lexi ? ' she asked .
" Nope . "
" Never ? "
" I did n't worry about what we could n't do .
It did n't weigh on Lexi . "
He took another drink , tipping his head back , closing his eyes as if he wanted to savor the moment .
The can clattered against the already laid tile as he set it down .
" They would have been good kids .
Beautiful kids , if Lexi had ' em . "
He put his hand on Josie 's knee .
" You 'd have beautiful kids , Jo . "
" Not me .
I would n't know how to do it . "
" Last I heard it did n't take any practice to do it . "
Archer 's hand traveled up her thigh .
His finger caught a thread on her cutoffs .
Josie smiled and turned her head just enough to smell the salt on his bare arm , the leftover sunshine from his day photographing the lifeguards for the city .
" I know how to do it ; it 's the other part that I would n't know about ; the part about taking care of a kid .
I would be so neurotic .
I 'd be all around , never let him go anywhere .
I 'd be a hovering mom . "
" So ?
That 's good .
Just the opposite of what your mother did , " Archer said .
Josie disagreed .
" No , that 's not all there is to it .
Look at Linda .
She 's with her daughter all the time , but there 's something wrong there .
Linda is still selfish and Hannah is so screwed up it might have been better not to have had a mother at all .
Nope , no kids for me .
In fact , right now , I 'd give anything just to get Hannah out of my head . "
" Anything ? "
Archer asked .
Taking a sip of beer then putting his cold lips against her warm neck .
" If it worked , sure , " Josie whispered , snuggling into him .
" Tell you what .
Why do n't we try the cure , and then discuss how much it 's worth later . "
Josie raised her head , looked into that rugged , wide face of his and then took it between her hands .
She kissed him hard .
She was going to owe Archer a fortune .
Hannah Sheraton was already nothing more than a memory .
* * * " Are you going to be okay , honey ? "
Hannah looked up .
Linda was put together perfectly : a white dress and jacket , a gold pin on the lapel .
Her shoes were bone ; her purse so small there was only room for cigarettes and a lipstick .
Her hair was down around her shoulders and her make - up was minimal .
Though the change had been made for the benefit of the jury , the look had been kept because Kip thought it far more appropriate for a judge 's wife .
Linda 's peach colored smile faded when Hannah 's eyes trailed back to the paper .
" What are you working on ? "
Linda asked even though she knew exactly what Hannah was doing .
For the last six hours Hannah painted as if she were sculpting , chipping away at the paper and Linda 's nerves .
The dining room table was littered with watercolors and brushes , glasses of water and rags .
The table was a mess .
Hannah had painted without consideration of the furniture , the housekeeper 's time , the . . .
Linda stopped before she said what she was thinking .
All she had to do was keep Kip from seeing this and keep Kip from seeing Hannah .
A few more weeks – a month at most – and everything would be sorted out .
As it stood now she was living with two children : Kip demanding she attend to him and his newfound prominence , Hannah and her constant need for reassurance .
Linda knew too much about both of them .
Forcing herself to smile Linda put her hands on Hannah 's shoulders , kissed the top of her daughter 's head and breathed the scent of shampoo .
She let her lips linger in the softness .
She almost convinced herself that this was her little girl , her baby , but then Hannah stiffened .
The shrug of distaste was slight but imminently insulting .
Linda dropped her hands ; one look at Hannah 's painting the smile followed suit .
Gone were the clear bright colors of oil replaced with opaque grays and blacks , thin blues and sheer browns of watercolor .
Night shadows , indistinct figures , and just enough definition so that interpretation could be open for discussion .
This painting was damn personal .
Linda saw what Hannah wanted her to see : a woman with her back to a girl , a fire behind them both .
The woman 's hair was long and dark ; it streamed out behind her as if she was running away from the girl .
" What do you think ? "
Hannah asked sharply .
Her eyes were down .
She pushed the tablet to the side giving Linda a better look .
" Do you think that 's funny , Hannah ? "
Linda fussed over her purse .
Hannah pulled the pad back in front of her .
The spiral binding scratched the table .
Her burned hand held a paintbrush up , its bristles pointing heavenward .
Linda pulled out a chair and sat down .
" Well , do you ? "
The hard end of Hannah 's brush clicked against the table .
A drip of water squeezed out of the bristles and trailed down the shaft until it fell like a dirty tear onto Hannah 's hand .
The sound , the movement , the mere idea of this counting was making Linda crazy .
" No , " Hannah said , her voice small , the tapping ever more quickly .
" I have n't walked out on you , have I ? "
" No . " Hannah 's voice got smaller but still it slid on a slick of defiance .
" They think I ' m a drug addict . "
" And we know you 're not , " Linda snapped .
" When are you going to get it through your head that all this stuff is just stuff ?
The thing that matters is whether or not Josie can convince that jury that they ca n't be totally sure who you are , or what you did .
That 's what our case rests on – not six Vicodin . "
" It 's not our case , Mom . "
Hannah slid her eyes toward Linda .
" It 's mine .
I ' m the one that everyone is looking at and everyone is talking about ?
I ' m the one they think killed Fritz and the one who does drugs and sets fires .
Or have you forgotten ? "
" No , I have n't forgotten one damn thing . "
Linda 's voice dropped .
" If it had n't been for me you would n't have nice clothes or a big house to live in or a car .
You sure would n't have the time for all this self - indulgent tapping and walking and checking crap .
I have n't forgotten that I ' m the one who got you a great attorney , and I really have n't forgotten that I promised you every thing would work out .
I always deliver on my promises .
Name me one that I have n't . "
Hannah 's lashes fluttered .
The paintbrush tapped , tap , tapped .
The gray water wept from the bristles .
" Kip 's going to testify against me .
Josie wanted to know what I thought he was going to say .
I do n't know what he 's going to say , but I ' m scared . "
" He has to testify , Hannah .
They subpoenaed him .
There 's only an exception for husband and wife .
I 've talked to Josie about his testimony , too , and I 'll tell you what I told her .
Kip barely paid attention to you since we 've been married .
What can he say ?
What can he know ? "
When Hannah remained silent , Linda took a deep breath .
" Look , Hannah , my priority has always been to keep you and me together but I ' m in the middle here .
I told you when I married Kip keeping him safe would keep us safe .
Without him we 'd be back in those cheap apartments .
Without him we could n't pay for your defense .
You should get down on your knees and thank him for that because he did n't have to . . . "
" Why should I get on my knees ?
You 're already there , " Hannah hissed .
Before the last word was out , Linda grabbed her daughter .
Hannah 's chair teetered .
The paintbrush flew out of her hand ; the thick pad of watercolor paper slid across the table and fell to the floor .
Linda put her face close to her daughter 's .
Her make - up had sunk into the lines around her eyes and the small fissures above her lips .
Anger aged her ; frustration dried her out .
" You listen to me , Hannah .
I ' m no prostitute .
I do what I do so we can both survive .
You think there have n't been times when I wanted to just leave you behind and make my life easier ?
I could have put you in an orphanage .
I could have dropped you in a trashcan , but I did n't .
I kept you with me , I fed you , and I ' m sure as hell not running out on you and you better not run out on me . "
Linda tried to shake the look of cold fury off Hannah 's face .
" Do you think this is easy for me knowing what I know ?
Knowing what went down ?
Do you think it 's easy ? "
" No , " Hannah mumbled .
Linda 's loosened her grip but her voice was no less passionate .
" Without Kip we do n't have money .
Without money , we do n't have a life .
Without money , you do n't have a defense .
Learn that lesson . "
" That 's not true ! "
Hannah 's anger flared and she struggled to pull away .
" Josie would defend me even if we did n't pay her anything . "
Linda laughed once as she let go .
Hannah might as well have punched her in the gut with that one .
The goddess Josie was with them even here .
Linda draped her arm over the back of her chair and shook her head sadly .
" I 've raised an ungrateful fool . "
Linda 's lip curled in an ugly smile .
" How many people have let us down , Hannah ? "
Hannah stared at the floor .
Linda leaned forward .
Her breath , hot and sweet smelling , brushed her daughter 's cheek .
Linda 's perfume surrounded Hannah and Linda 's voice was sticky with truth .
" I 'll tell you who let us down .
Everyone except Kip , so do n't kid yourself .
Josie cares about this case , but she does n't care about you more than I do .
Nobody cares about you more than I do because I ' m your mother . "
" I think you care , more than anyone , what happens to me , Mom .
I think about it all the time , " Hannah said icily .
" But Josie cares about all of me . "
Mother and daughter 's matching eyes met and held .
" You think like a child . "
Linda reached out to touch Hannah 's face but Hannah pulled away just far enough .
Linda smiled tightly .
She stood up and stepped toward the door but could n't leave without getting one more thing off her chest .
" Josie 's got nothing invested here but time .
She does n't care what 's in that sick head of yours .
She 's not going to go out on a limb for you , especially if she knew the truth .
The one thing Josie hates is a liar . "
" You 're wrong , Mom . "
Hannah whispered .
" She did understand . "
Linda 's shoulders slumped .
It was so hard to be young and optimistic .
Maybe it was even harder to be old and know the score .
" No , baby .
Nobody does anything just because they like someone . "
" They do if they love them , " Hannah mumbled .
" Yeah .
If you love someone you do anything for them , " Linda reiterated almost to herself .
She pulled herself out of the reverie .
" Just remember that . "
" I do , " Hannah whispered , reaching out to touch her mother .
Two , three , ten times .
Linda shook her off .
" Josie would n't know how to love you , baby .
You think a woman who has no husband , no children , and no mother of her own would know how to love a screwed up kid like you ?
All you are is a challenge , Hannah .
Both of us are , and that is why we need to stick together .
We 're two of a kind honey so do n't wish for something that does n't exist .
I know what I ' m doing .
I always have , have n't I ? "
Hannah watched her mother with clear , sad eyes .
When the silence became too tedious , Linda wrapped it all up .
" Oh , for God 's sake do n't look like that .
Everything is going to be all right . "
Linda needed to go .
Kip was n't happy these days when she spent more time than necessary with Hannah .
Still there should be something more , something settling she should say .
" I ' m sorry about what I said about Josie .
She cares what happens to you .
Just do n't count on her for too much .
Never count on anybody for too much . "
* * * Linda was having cocktails with Kip at Shutters in Santa Monica when Hannah closed the door of the Malibu house and ran to the shoulder of Pacific Coast Highway .
Her hair was pinned up , hidden under a bandana .
She wore a hat pulled low over her eyes even though it was almost dark .
Her sweatshirt was old , her jeans baggy .
Heavy clothes for a hot night but Hannah did n't want to be recognized .
She stuck out her thumb , moving from foot to foot , praying that somebody would stop soon because she did n't have much time .
She had to be back before Linda and Kip .
The fourth car on the road swerved sharply and Hannah thanked God for small favors .
She ran for the Toyota , hollered ' Huntington Beach ' when asked where she was going and climbed in the back even though the guy at the wheel wanted her up front .
He let her out in Long Beach .
It took her two more rides to make the short hop to Huntington .
Pulling her hat down further , Hannah walked six blocks then circled around the back of Turc 's , pulled on the ancient door and slipped inside .
No one gave her a second look .
The band was playing .
People were drunk .
The entire place was sweating pheromones and Hannah needed to find the one man who would understand what she needed ; the man she had n't seen since the night Fritz died .
* * * Josie curled into Archer .
He was warm .
His arm was heavy across her waist .
Taking his hand she put it on her breast as he looked at the clock by the bed .
It was two in the morning .
It was unlike her to wake in the wee hours of the morning yet here she was with her eyes open , staring at the bedside table .
Then she heard it , the sound that had roused her .
On the table , her cell phone vibrated like chattering teeth .
She 'd forgotten to turn it off and now someone was calling .
She inched away from Archer and grabbed it .
" Yeah ? "
She whispered , her mouth barely working .
A whisper came back .
" One , two , three . . . "
Josie closed her eyes and listened until Hannah stopped .
She closed her eyes , sleep coming over her , Archer reaching out for her again .
" I did n't lie , " Hannah said but her voice was far away , the words were lost , Josie was asleep .


CHAPTER 18 " There 's no question that Rudy Klein has done a fine job of establishing that the defendant had both the means and the opportunity to commit this crime .
Big points are going to be scored today , though .
It says something when Kip Rayburn , stepfather of the defendant , is testifying for the prosecution .
That really says something , does n't it ? "
– Court TV Eight forty - five .
The last day of the prosecution 's case .
Judge Norris was late taking the bench , and that was just as well because Linda and Hannah were late , too .
Josie sat at her table , looked at her watch , then stared at the bench .
Finally she checked with the clerk and asked when she thought the judge would be ready .
Ten minutes .
Not exactly a reprieve , but there was some leeway .
Oblivious to Rudy Klein 's curious look and the reporter 's more interested ones Josie left the courtroom .
The hallway was nearly deserted .
Washington 's Birthday was just around the corner .
Only the courtroom kitty - corner from Norris 's was in session .
A crying woman sat on the bench outside it sniffling and blotting her nose .
Everyone had troubles and Josie 's were multiplying by the minute .
She reached into her pocket , got her phone , punched the numbers too hard , missed one and had to start all over .
The phone at the Rayburn place rang until the machine picked up .
Josie left a short message .
She called Linda 's cell and did the same .
Where in the hell are you ?
Josie dropped her phone in the pocket of her blue blazer .
She was halfway to the elevators when one of them opened .
No one came out .
Josie kept going .
Another ding .
The scraping of the doors .
This time Hannah and Linda emerged .
Josie covered the next ten yards fast .
" Where have you been ? "
She grabbed Linda by the arm and twirled her around .
The other woman teetered in her heels .
" Traffic .
It was down to one lane on Pacific Coast Highway .
My cell phone battery was dead so I could n't call .
Hey !
Slow down , " Linda yanked her arm away .
" Are we in trouble or what ? "
" Not yet .
Judge Norris was delayed .
You just cut it damn close .
I want us settled at the table before they bring the jury in . " Josie pushed Linda forward while she held the door open .
Linda went in but Hannah had fallen behind and veered off toward one of the long benches that lined the hall .
Annoyed , Josie went back for her .
Her client had taken a nosedive .
Hannah 's hair frizzed around her shoulders , her skirt was long and almost transparent .
A short - sleeved t - shirt bared her arms .
If Josie could make out the tracks of scars and scabs on her arms the jury could too , and that was the last thing Josie wanted the jury to see .
Josie put her hand on the girl 's shoulder , angry that all their hard work was going to go up in smoke .
" What were you thinking ?
I told you to keep your arms covered , to keep your hair simple .
Those people in there are n't going to like . . . "
Josie 's tirade trailed off .
Hannah 's head bounced gently like a bobble - head doll , all springs and joints .
Unsmiling and bleary - eyed , one thing was clear : Hannah was stoned .
So much for Fritz Rayburn 's good intentions .
" Hey ! "
Josie backed Hannah up against the wall .
Furious , she still had the presence of mind to keep her voice down .
" What 's going on ?
Are you high ?
You tell me straight up , Hannah , or I 've got one foot out the door . "
" No . Valium , " Hannah whispered .
" It 's just Valium . "
" Oh , Christ .
Why would you do something that stupid ? "
Josie snapped .
" My mom gave it to me so I would n't be upset .
Kip 's going to talk today . "
Hannah shook her head , trying to find a normal rhythm to her words .
" She said it would help .
Do n't be mad .
Please .
Please .
Do n't be mad . "
Hannah leaned into Josie .
Her limp arms came round Josie .
Josie 's own hovered and finally wrapped Hannah up and held her close .
Hannah relaxed , falling into Josie as if she had found a safe warm place .
Taking a breath that started in her gut , Josie tipped her chin up and looked at the ugly fluorescent light fixtures , the long cold halls , the wooden doors that led into courtrooms where any bit of information could be twisted and tied into a package to suit anyone 's version of the facts .
The prosecution had made a big deal of finding the pills and the joint found in Hannah 's possession , and today Linda was pumping her kid full of Valium .
Was n't that a fine visual for the jury ?
Linda could n't have screwed up more if she tried .
Why in the hell , when mothers screwed up , did it feel like they meant it ?
Josie sat Hannah down , ripped off her blazer and draped it over the girl 's shoulders .
Beneath her own strong fingers Hannah felt birdlike , thin and vulnerable .
Josie glanced over her shoulder .
Kip Rayburn was watching them .
He sat on the bench outside the courtroom waiting to be called .
She had n't noticed him before .
The bastard was watching them .
Well , Josie would give him something to watch .
Deliberately she got Hannah to her feet .
" Okay , Hannah .
It 's game time , " Josie said quietly .
" Keep your arms underneath my jacket .
Keep your chin up .
Just look at Kip when he talks and remember , when he 's done , it 's over for the prosecution .
I 'll be there every minute for you .
I promise . "
Hannah gave Josie half a smile as Josie laced Hannah 's hand under her arm .
" You care what happens to me , do n't you ? "
Hannah asked softly .
" Yes , Hannah , I do , " Josie muttered as they walked past Kip Rayburn and into the courtroom .
Rudy was there ready to convict Hannah .
Kip was there ready to speak against her .
Linda had sabotaged her daughter with her ' good intentions ' .
This sure was n't going to be the best day of their lives and Rudy Klein was going to draw it out as long as he possibly could .
He was saving Kip for last .
Tom Winston , fireman , would kick off the day .
" I found the defendant crouching behind a stone fountain a few feet away from the French doors of the west wing of the Rayburn home . "
" What did you do when you found her ? "
Rudy asked .
" I knelt beside her .
The furnace had blown inside the house .
I thought I might have to shield her from debris if something else was going to blow .
When the danger was past , I saw that she was injured .
I escorted her away from the scene and took her for treatment . "
" Did you speak to the defendant ? "
Rudy asked .
" No , I did not . "
" Did the defendant speak to you ? "
" She said , ' It 's all my fault ' .
She kept repeating that statement .
' It 's all my fault ' . "
Rudy turned away leaving the witness 's statement sitting on the jury 's doorstep like an abandoned baby .
" Mr .
Winston . "
Josie stepped to the side of the table .
" Did you ask the defendant what she meant by the statement ? "
" No , " Tom Winston answered .
" Thank you . "
Josie sat down .
Check .
Unclear .
Uncertain .
That was no confession .
Hannah did n't even remember saying it .
Josie would deal with all that in her closing arguments when it would be one of many bits of information woven into the story of the multiple mistakes and misinterpretations made in the case of Hannah Sheraton .
Rudy called the coroner .
DNA consistent with Hannah 's had been found in various places in Fritz Rayburn 's apartments .
Hannah 's hair was in the bedroom .
A drop of her blood in the bathroom .
Worst of all , the slightest trace of Hannah 's blood was found on Fritz Rayburn 's jaw where a blow had landed before he died .
The coroner testified that Rayburn 's head trauma also occurred before he died .
Actual death was due to smoke inhalation .
The body had been partially burned .
Rudy was prepared with show and tell .
One by one he posted pictures of a pitiful , helpless old man sprawled on the floor near his bed .
A close - up .
Waist down .
Burned to a crispy critter .
The back of Fritz 's head .
A contusion at the base of the skull , raw and ugly , surrounded by silky , silver hair .
A close - up .
Fritz 's chin .
Mid - range .
Fritz , his hands flung out .
One clutching the bedpost as if he was trying to pull himself up , one curled like a child in sleep .
Rudy Klein was building an epic storyboard , making his case about youth and age , limits and a desire for independence , Fritz Rayburn 's success and Hannah Sheraton 's abject failures .
Now he was drawing the lines around Rayburn 's vulnerability .
Question : Who could do this to an old man ?
Answer : A young , selfish , indulgent , neurotic girl .
That 's who .
Youth gone dangerously awry right here in River City .
The coroner 's testimony was destructive ; the pictures of Fritz were devastating .
The spotlight turned on Josie .
Rudy looked at her .
Beat that .
Josie did what she could .
The coroner could not tell when Hannah 's hair and blood had been left in Fritz Rayburn 's apartments .
The heat and smoke had dried out the samples .
He had no explanation for the minute trace 's of Hannah 's blood on Fritz himself unless the defendant had struck the victim , splitting her own skin and leaving blood traces on his chin .
Unfortunately there was no way to tell if that was what happened since the defendant 's hand was burned , erasing any sign of an injury sustained in an earlier confrontation .
Josie thanked the coroner , wishing they could let the jury go home with nothing more than memories of what had been said here .
They were on the edge of a four - day weekend and that could blur even the most prudent juror 's impressions .
But there was more : the housekeeper .
Mrs .
Peterson spoke to her hands until Rudy asked her to raise her head and speak clearly .
" I woke up at one forty - five in the morning .
I sometimes have a hard time sleeping .
I watch television and fall asleep in my chair . "
" Did you watch television that night ? "
Rudy asked .
" Yes , but I heard something outside . "
" Outside your window ? "
She shook her head .
" No , outside – down the drive .
It is very quiet at night .
You can hear things from blocks away . "
" What did you do ? "
Rudy asked .
" I looked out my window , " she responded .
" And what did you see ? "
" Hannah running back to the house . "
" Did you see where she had run from ? "
" From beyond the trees , from the street .
I heard a car right after I saw her . "
Do you think Hannah had just returned from somewhere ? "
" Objection .
Speculation , " Josie said .
Judge Norris sustained the objection .
Josie sent a note to Hannah .
Who were you with ?
It was a car on the street .
Josie slid her eyes toward Hannah .
They would take up the question again after the day was won .
Josie gave Rudy her undivided attention .
" Did Hannah go back into the house ? "
" Yes . "
" Did she stay in the house ? "
" No .
I went to her room to see if she was all right .
She 's a nice girl .
Just lonely , you know . "
" Your Honor , please , " Rudy appealed to the bench .
" The witness is instructed to answer the question . "
Mrs . Petersen nodded and chanced a glance at Hannah .
She shifted in the witness seat .
" Hannah was n't there . "
" Did you look for her ? "
Rudy asked .
" No .
I knew what she was doing . "
" And what was that ? "
" Your Honor , " Josie said , " calls for a conclusion . "
Rudy retraced his steps .
" When was the next time you saw the defendant ? "
" Ten minutes before the fire started I saw her walking around the back of the house going toward the studio . "
" And what time was that ? "
" It was about twenty minutes before I heard Mrs . Rayburn call out that the house was on fire . "
" And the next time you saw the defendant ? "
Rudy asked .
" She was near the fire truck .
They had bandaged her hand . "
" Did the defendant say anything ? "
" She said , " why did it have to be like this ? "
and " it 's my fault . "
She said both things . "
" Was she screaming ? "
" No .
She was very calm . "
Mrs . Peterson glanced toward the defense table .
" I ' m sorry , Hannah .
I ' m really sorry . "
Rudy turned the woman over to Josie .
" Mrs .
Peterson , did you see Hannah get out of a car ? "
" No . "
" Had you seen anyone pick Hannah up the night in question ? "
" No . " Mrs . Peterson , " Josie asked .
" Are you a doctor ? "
She shook her head , " No , of course not . "
" Then you would have no way of knowing if Hannah Sheraton 's reaction to this fire was normal given the circumstances . "
" No , I would n't know . "
" You would n't know if she was in shock , would you ? "
She shook her head again .
" No , I suppose not . "
" And Mrs . Peterson , did you actually see Hannah go into the studio ? "
" No , I only saw her walking toward the studio . "
" Thank you . "
Josie sat down .
While Mrs . Peterson returned to her seat Josie surreptitiously looked at Hannah .
The girl 's eyes were sad and blank .
Her Valium lethargy was passing , though it was still evident .
When Kip Rayburn was called to the stand Hannah stiffened , her eyes sought Josie 's .
Then , as Kip swore to tell the truth , Hannah Sheraton 's eyes turned downward .
She could n't look .


CHAPTER 19 HOSTILE WITNESS – An adverse witness who is known to offer prejudicial evidence as a result of adverse interest or bias .
– Black 's Law Dictionary When Emily Baylor - Bates abandoned her daughter , the marine families closed rank .
Josie was transferred to the home of a girl who qualified as her best friend by virtue of the fact that they had arrived in Hawaii at the same time .
It took her father three days to get home and , in those three days , Josie imagined her father would blame her for driving Emily away .
But on a warm evening , just around dinnertime , Josie 's father appeared .
He reached out his hand and with that one gentle gesture he made the world right , made her part of a family again .
That was n't the way things would play for Hannah .
Kip did n't acknowledge her .
Hannah listed to the left , her shoulder touching Josie 's ever so slightly .
She was looking up , right at Kip , telegraphing her anxiety as she knocked the table from underneath .
Twenty times .
Pause .
Knocking again .
To Josie it sounded like thunder but no one seemed to notice .
Every eye was on the witness " Mr . Rayburn , what is your relationship to the victim ? "
" He was my father . "
" And what is your relationship to the defendant . "
" She is my wife 's daughter . "
" Mr . Rayburn , are you testifying of your own free will ? "
" Yes , I am . "
Josie moved in her seat .
This was a powerful salvo .
Rudy did not want anyone mistaking Kip Rayburn 's testimony as hostile or less truthful because he was connected to the defendant .
" Given your relationship to the defendant , do you feel that you can answer my questions truthfully ? "
" I will answer your questions truthfully .
My father believed in the sanctity of the law , and so do I . " " Mr . Rayburn , given the circumstances , do you feel animosity toward the defendant ? "
" No , sir , " Kip answered .
Satisfied , Rudy moved another step closer to the witness .
" Can you describe the relationship your father had with Hannah Sheraton ? "
" Objection , Your Honor .
The witness can not attest to such a relationship , " Josie objected .
" Mr .
Rayburn and his wife and stepdaughter lived in the victim 's home , and Justice Rayburn interacted as part of the family .
Kip Rayburn can testify to the dynamic of his own household , " Rudy argued .
" I 'll allow it within reason , Mr . Klein .
Your objection is overruled , Ms . Bates . "
Rudy gave the bench a perfunctory nod .
" Mr .
Rayburn ?
Can you tell us about the relationship between your father and Hannah Sheraton ? "
" Over time , my father became very interested in Hannah 's welfare .
He believed that Hannah was an extraordinarily talented artist and wanted to see her reach her full potential . "
" And how did he show his interest ? "
Rudy asked .
" My father spent a great deal of time with Hannah when he was home .
He talked about art .
He explained his collection to her .
He bought her gifts to enhance her talent : books and paints , and such .
He offered to take her to museums when his schedule allowed . "
" And how did the defendant react to this attention ? "
" I think Hannah enjoyed being the center of attention at first . "
" Objection , " Josie called .
" The witness can not know what was in my client 's mind . "
" Sustained , " Judge Norris intoned .
" Mr .
Rayburn , " Rudy went on .
" Is n't it true that the defendant 's attitude toward your father was antagonistic ? "
" Eventually Hannah became belligerent when my father was in Los Angeles .
She would become angry .
She told my wife she did n't want him in the house . "
" And what did you think about that ? "
" I thought it was strange considering it was our home – my father 's and mine .
She had only been living with us for a short time .
Her attitude was appalling given how generous my father had been . "
" Did the defendant give you a reason for feeling this way ? "
" She said he watched her .
He always seemed to be around .
She liked her independence .
She complained about many things . "
" Did Justice Rayburn do those things ?
I refer to watching Hannah Sheraton . "
" I ' m ashamed to say he took more of an interest in her than I did .
He was very attentive .
Perhaps if I realized the depth of her anger toward authority figures my father would still be alive . "
" Objection , Your Honor . "
Josie raised her hand , disgusted with Kip 's answer .
He was going out of his way to point his finger at Hannah .
" The witness is not the jury and can draw no such conclusion .
Move to strike . "
Judge Norris ordered the strike and Kip cleared his throat .
He touched his tie but did n't adjust it .
There was n't a tremor in his voice , and his eyes remained steadily on Rudy .
" Was Justice Rayburn ever concerned for his own safety ? "
Rudy asked .
Kip shook his head .
" No .
Never .
Even though I think he should have been . "
" Why is that ? "
" I initially believed a relationship would be good for both of them .
I did n't have the artist 's eye that my father held in high esteem .
I was happy to see he had someone to share his interest . "
Kip tipped his chin a little higher , his lips turned up in what passed as a smile .
" I seldom saw him when he was home anymore .
But Hannah was young , she needed his attention .
My father understood that Hannah 's mother and I were busy . "
Rudy let Kip transgress but even he could n't ignore the sound of a beat that had , by now , become familiar to everyone in the room .
The upper part of Hannah 's arms rested against the tabletop .
Underneath her clasped hands hit up on the wood , working diligently as if she could break through it and find her freedom .
Her hair had spilled over her shoulders ; her eyes were trained on Kip .
Anger radiated off her .
Josie could feel it , hoped the jury would n't sense it .
Kip ignored Hannah and the sounds but every now and again , a small muscle in Rudy 's neck spasmed in sync with the knocking .
Judge Norris shifted on the bench , unhappy with the distraction .
Josie slipped her hand under the table , putting it between Hannah 's fists and the wood .
Without missing a beat , Hannah hit Josie and Josie took the blows on her warm , soft palm .
" When did you first notice the relationship between your father and the defendant change ? "
Rudy filled the silence quickly , unwilling to be distracted .
" Hannah had been with us almost a year .
It was summer .
She started to be disrespectful to my father .
She was rude .
She preferred staying in the room she used as her painting studio .
Hannah went out and stayed out late if she was n't painting .
There was an older boy who did not go to school .
Hannah started seeing him .
He was unkempt .
He looked like a transient . "
" And what was your father 's reaction to Hannah 's behavior ? "
" He told me not to worry .
He told me she would settle down . "
" Did something happen to change your father 's mind ? "
He found Hannah and this man in his bedroom .
They had been drinking .
My father had come back unexpectedly from San Francisco .
They had gone through his things .
Hannah had an antique pocketknife my father treasured .
She held the knife on him long enough for the man to run away .
I wanted to call the police but my father did n't want to press charges .
He was extremely concerned about her at that point .
He took it upon himself to help her .
My father cared very deeply what happened to Hannah . "
Josie listened carefully , and was suddenly aware that Hannah had stopped knocking .
Josie cast a quick glance her way , sensing a rising anxiety in Hannah .
She was reassured to see the girl sitting quietly , moving a pencil through her fingers under the table .
When she stayed silent , Josie clasped her hands and leaned toward the witness as Rudy continued .
" How did your father help the defendant ? "
" He spent even more time with Hannah .
My father arranged and paid for treatment .
He sent her to some of the finest rehabilitation facilities available .
My father was extraordinarily compassionate .
I 'd never seen him that concerned about a child – any child . "
Kip 's voice caught .
It was as if his childhood was suddenly coming into focus .
He put his fist to his mouth and cleared his throat .
He apologized , " Sorry . "
Rudy reassured him with a smile .
" How did the defendant react to Justice Rayburn 's attempts to help her ? "
" She ran away from the rehabilitation center .
Every conversation was an argument .
She stole my wife 's car .
The police found her approaching the Mexican border in San Diego – with that same man .
She started smoking marijuana .
She began cutting herself .
She was always angry .
Hannah was either very verbal , or totally withdrawn .
It was difficult to know what to do . "
" Mr . Rayburn , " Rudy stepped forward to wrap things up .
" Did you ever see or hear the defendant threaten your father after the incident with the knife ? "
Kip 's eyes trailed to Hannah and she seemed to shrink , huddling under the blazer like it was a tent .
Her head shook in miniature movements , silently denying Kip 's testimony or begging him to say nothing more .
With no sign that Hannah moved him , Kip Rayburn looked away .
" The defendant screamed at my father that she wished he were dead .
She said he would get what was coming someday .
That he should just wait . "
Kip 's gaze snapped back to Hannah .
He struggled to keep the loathing from his voice .
" After all that he had done for her .
She wanted him dead .
I thought it was a figure of speech .
I was wrong . "
" Your Honor ! "
Josie shot out of her chair ready to object .
Rudy looked over his shoulder .
Judge Norris swiveled toward the defense .
It was n't Josie they focused on , but Hannah .
She was rising from her seat , tears poured from her eyes and down her cheeks .
Her body vibrated and shuddered .
" I did n't . . . "
she said sharply , her fury directed toward everyone .
" I did n't want him d - dead . "
She tipped her head back as if she could reverse the flow of her tears .
" I just said it .
I did n't do anything to him . . . "
A second more ticked away , and then the silence of the courtroom was ripped by gut wrenching sobs .
Her teeth gnashed together as if she could bite off her words .
Her hair whipped in front of her face , her eyes blazed at the jury , the judge and then at Kip .
Her voice rose and she demanded everyone in the room listen " I just wanted . . .him . . . to . . .leave me . . . alone . "
Over and over again she said it , one fist pounding on the table in rhythm .
No longer passive and content to have Josie fight for her , Hannah reached for her mother .
The blazer fell from her shoulders .
Her arm shot out , she pointed at Linda .
" Mom !
Tell them now .
Do n't let him do this .
He is lying .
You know he 's lying . "
Paralyzed , Linda stared open mouthed at her daughter .
A juror suppressed a cry .
Another looked away .
Someone gasped .
Reporters scribbled trying to describe the bloody mess that was Hannah Sheraton 's left arm , trying to explain how a common pencil could become a gruesome weapon of self - mutilation .
There was no razor blade but there was no stopping the pain and rage inside Hannah Sheraton from getting out .
Suddenly , the bailiff lunged .
Hannah reacted , striking out at him .
Off guard , he stumbled back only to come at her again .
Linda screamed .
Kip shot straight up out of the witness chair but made no move to help .
It was Josie , taller than the bailiff , more determined to do what was right , who pulled a thrashing Hannah to her , felt the blood wet her blouse , and did what had to be done .
Stumbling with her client toward the bench , Josie led Hannah past Judge Norris as she said : " I 'd like to request a recess . "


CHAPTER 20 " I should have been a mechanic like my father . "
– Judge Cy Norris to his clerk upon leaving the bench .
Josie once dated an emergency room doctor .
She loved his wickedly dark sense of humor , his goatee , and the way he cooked .
She did n't like the fact that being near a body of water larger than a bathtub made him seasick , and he wanted to have a house in the suburbs filled with children .
They had parted ways after a year but Josie always remembered something he said .
A great deal of blood could come from just one wound .
Once you found the wound , you could make a decision about what to do : work to save the poor bastard or let God deal with it .
In the windowless holding cell off Norris 's courtroom Josie leaned up against the wall and looked for Hannah 's wound while someone else cleaned up the blood .
The jurors were at lunch , though she doubted they had an appetite .
Judge Norris called a doctor , advised he would expect Josie back in the courtroom for her cross , and gave permission for Hannah to be excused in the company of her mother to seek further medical attention – mental or physical .
Josie sent back her thanks .
He was not only a kind man he was a smart one who wanted to control his courtroom now that the floodgates had been opened : Hannah being half carried away , blood everywhere , Linda barred from the room as Hannah became ever more hysterical , while crying that she was so sorry .
So sorry .
For the last ten minutes , though , all had been quiet .
The doctor who had responded to Judge Norris 's call was an older woman , unfazed by what she found .
She spoke little , did her work well , and bandaged Hannah 's arm with great care before she left .
Hannah 's arms were crossed on the tabletop , her head resting on them , and her eyes were closed .
It was the first time Josie had seen her completely at rest .
No tapping , no counting , worn out , and psychically and emotionally exhausted .
Josie watched her thoughtfully and counted her own failings .
She had seen a hundred other clients proclaim their innocence , fall into despair , cry and wail against the system .
At one time in her life , Josie had been able to gauge guilt in a split second .
It had been a talent left dormant , a dull blade that no longer sliced easily through a client 's guile – until now .
Now Josie believed what she saw : Hannah was only a poor , confused girl who had sealed her own fate , whether guilty or not .
Finally Josie pushed herself away from the wall .
It was time to probe for Hannah 's real wound .
" We 're okay here . "
Quietly , Josie dismissed the bailiff .
He hesitated but eventually left them alone .
Josie touched the door as it closed behind him then pulled a chair close to Hannah and laid her hand atop the girl 's head .
" Hannah , come on .
We 've got to talk . "
Hannah 's lashes fluttered .
Her eyes opened .
She stared , but saw nothing .
It was another minute , maybe two before Hannah found the energy to speak .
" I ' m sorry about your shirt .
I ' m sorry about everything . "
" Forget the shirt . "
Josie petted Hannah , smoothing her hair , talking quietly .
" It 's the everything we need to talk about .
Can you sit up ?
Can you talk to me ? "
Hannah 's body trembled .
She raised her head .
It was so hard for her .
Finally she sat up .
Her hands fell to her sides .
She looked at the bandages .
" I do n't even remember doing it .
I just remember Kip talking and talking . "
" Hannah do you want your mother to come in while we get things settled ? "
Josie asked .
Hannah shook her head .
" No .
She 'll just say she was right all along .
I should have done what she said .
I should have gone to the hospital but I wanted to show her I was strong , too .
I wanted to be strong like her . "
A pitiful sob bubbled up and escaped .
Just one .
She put her fingers to her lips .
" I just could n't listen to him anymore . "
" Your mom is worried , not upset .
We 're all worried about you , " Josie whispered .
" When you see her , tell her I 'll be good from here on .
I promise .
I do n't want to go to jail .
I want to go home with my mom . "
" That 's what we need to decide Hannah . "
Josie cleared her throat .
It was tough to say this .
" I think we need to cut our losses here . "
Josie fell silent .
It was hard to think .
If Hannah was unbalanced enough to hurt herself that badly , in such a horrific manner , then what could she have done to Fritz . . .
" Josie , why have n't you ever asked me if I ' m innocent ? "
Hannah leaned close as if she knew what Josie was thinking .
Josie chuckled darkly .
She sat back in her chair and crossed her arms to look at her client .
She told her the truth .
" Because I was being a good defense attorney .
If I asked you and you told me you were guilty , I could n't put you on the stand if I had to .
If I knew you were going to lie , I 'd be suborning perjury .
No defense attorney ever asks that question . "
" Do n't you want to know ? "
" I thought I did know , Hannah . "
Josie held Hannah 's gaze .
" Until now , is that it ? "
The last flicker of hope drained out of Hannah 's eyes when Josie did n't answer .
" It 's okay .
I understand . "
" No , you do n't .
I still do n't think you deliberately killed Fritz Rayburn .
I 'll never believe that .
But Hannah , nothing is ever black and white .
People can look at the same thing and see it differently .
You could swear you were innocent and those people in that room would look at the evidence and be sure you 're guilty .
It 's a huge risk we 're taking now that this has happened . "
" But everything 's going to be okay , right ? "
Josie lightly touched Hannah 's arm .
" If you can do this to yourself , then there are really deep problems you have to contend with .
I ' m going to ask for a continuance .
I want you to talk with some doctors .
I want the jury to take a breather because what happened just now is n't going to help .
Hannah , I could n't live with myself if I screwed up and put you in jail when your mother was right all along and you need treatment . "
Hannah clutched at Josie 's hands , missing and trying again until she had them in both her own .
" Please , please do n't give up on me .
Josie , you ca n't .
I know you do n't want to know , but I did n't start the fire .
I hit Fritz .
Okay ?
I mean , I think I did .
I know I pushed him .
I did that .
I was in his bedroom .
I did scream at him .
That 's all the truth .
I should have told you before , but I did n't think it was important .
I thought the fire was important . "
Hannah pulled on Josie 's hands like a child wanting an adult to see things her way .
" I did n't see him fall and hit his head .
I did n't set the fire .
I did n't kill him .
I just wanted to get away from him . "
" Hannah , stop . Stop . " Josie yanked her hands away and fell back in the chair .
She put one hand to her temple and closed her eyes .
She wanted to close her ears .
There it was : the truth .
Hannah had been there .
Hannah had struck him .
Hannah probably set that damn fire and whatever was in her sick mind just would n't let her admit it .
Josie opened her eyes again , dropped her hand , and leaned forward .
" Listen to me , Hannah .
I ' m your attorney .
I have to tell you when it 's time to give up . "
" But it 's not time , " Hannah cried .
Desperately she tried to control her anger , her good hand scratching at the bandages on her wounded arm .
Josie grappled with her until she had Hannah 's hand in both of hers .
Finally , nose - to - nose , Josie begged : " Then help me believe that .
Did you say you wished Justice Rayburn were dead ? "
Josie relaxed her grip .
She lowered her voice .
They were both breathing hard .
" Did you ? "
Hannah blinked and sat straight up .
She clasped her hands and pounded them into her lap as she whispered : " I did n't mean it .
I wanted him to leave me alone .
That 's what I told him that night .
I told him he had to leave me alone .
He said he would n't and I pushed him .
I .
. .
I could have hit him .
I know I pushed him . . .
I told him . . . . "
Tears came out of her eyes , not in drops but in sheets of moisture that shimmered over her beautiful bronze skin , washed down her cheeks , and fell onto her skirt .
Once begun , Hannah could n't seem to stop crying .
It was as if she had saved it up all her life .
" Hannah .
What am I suppose to say to that jury ?
Fritz Rayburn spent time and money trying to get you the help you need .
Kip heard you say you wished his father were dead .
You were in Rayburn 's bedroom .
His pills were under your mattress .
Now you admit that you hit him , or pushed him , or whatever .
How can I convince that jury that you meant anything else except to harm Fritz Rayburn ? "
" No . No . No .
It was n't like that .
I swear . "
Hannah sniffed , she sobbed , and she put her hands on Josie 's knees .
Her eyes were red rimmed and the green iris 's sparkled bright .
" Fritz was going to hurt me .
I had to stop him .
Do n't you see ? "
" Hannah , please . "
Josie did n't want to hear her fantasies .
" He would sneak up and tell me what he was going to do and then he 'd show that little knife to me .
He said it was his favorite knife to cut with .
That old one .
I just wanted to take it away and hide it . "
" Hannah , deal in reality . "
" Wait , wait , " she pleaded , her hands patting Josie 's knees , babbling on .
" I did n't lie about the pills .
He gave them to me because I would need them someday , when he did something that really hurt .
And I was afraid .
I kept those pills because I never knew when he would come after me , or when I 'd start feeling something .
He was happy when I was afraid .
If I was n't afraid Fritz would n't think it was fun anymore .
If he could n't hurt me , it would n't be fun .
I practiced cutting on myself so it would n't hurt if he did it . "
Hannah was crying again and sniffing .
The words poured out as she tried to coax a smile of faith out of Josie .
Josie took her client 's hands and put them together to keep them quiet .
She spoke quietly , but firmly .
It was time to end all this .
Hannah had to admit the truth .
" Hannah , if all this happened why you did n't tell someone ? "
" Who was going to believe me ?
Who was I going to tell ? "
" Your mother , " Josie answered .
" She probably would have killed him . "
Hannah bolted upright .
She shut her eyes and shook her head violently .
" No .
No .
No . "
She said harshly .
" Fritz said he knew exactly how to hurt her .
He told me that all the time .
That 's what he said .
I know how to hurt your mother .
I could n't let him do that . "
Hannah 's eyes searched Josie 's face looking for hope , for help .
It was n't there .
" You have to believe me .
I 've never told anyone except for you .
Josie , please , please .
Look , I 'll show you . "
Hannah shot up , pushed back her chair and frantically gathered up her long skirt .
There was too much fabric and Hannah lost hold .
Finally she had pulled it to her waist .
Josie saw it all : her agitation , the bandaged arm , the healing hand , the wild eyes that saw something Josie did n't .
This child was so near broken Josie wondered if she could ever be put back together .
The plain - faced clock ticked away a minute and a half before Hannah turned back to Josie , a triumphant smile on her tormented face .
She tugged at her skirt and stuck out her leg forcing Josie to look .
" Oh , Hannah . "
Josie 's stomach turned at the sight of the final hurt on Hannah Sheraton 's body .
Running from thigh to hip was a raised and puckered scar , near white on her beautiful dark skin .
" I just wanted him to leave me alone .
That is why I was in his room .
That is why I pushed him , that is why that man saw us arguing , " Hannah said quietly .
Hannah 's young face was bright with hope .
Slowly Josie got out of her chair and knelt on the cold hard floor .
She reached out but could n't bear to touch Hannah 's skin .
" You want me to believe Fritz Rayburn did this to you ?
You want me to believe that a California Supreme Court Justice was a sadistic monster ? "
Hannah nodded but Josie did n't see .
She 'd fallen back on her heels , her arms at her side .
This changed everything .
Hannah was certifiable .
She had no grip on reality and Josie 's heart broke .
Hannah let her skirt fall over her legs , and then crouched down in front of Josie and changed everything again .
" I can prove it .
I know about other people .
I know what he did to them .
I ' m not the first person he hurt , Josie .
I ' m just the last .
Are n't I the last ? "
There , on the floor of that cold , small , windowless room Hannah Sheraton told her stories until the bailiff opened the door and told Josie it was time to begin again .


CHAPTER 21 " This one is over . "
– Maeve Clark , reporter , to herself .
Josie learned how to hold her breath when she was ten .
Not just hold it for a minute but hold it as if it was a matter of life or death .
The first morning they were in Hawaii , before the boxes were unpacked , Emily Baylor - Bates bundled her daughter into their old car and drove off the base to find an adventure .
Two hours later , Emily and Josie picked their way down a bluff through a light tropical rain toward a stretch of white beach , blue water , and waves that curled on to each other .
Laughing , meeting the waves head on , Emily ran into the water .
Josie went after , apprehensive , but so anxious to be her mother 's daughter .
Emily turned her back .
A wave caught her and lifted her up .
She reached out her hands calling to Josie over the roar , moving further into the bright blue water , moving away from Josie .
Josie , smaller and more vulnerable than Emily , was buffeted by the waves .
It took all her might to stand her ground .
One hit her .
Another came .
A third slapped her down , dragging her into a whirlpool of sand and water .
Josie was twisted head over heels , her small arms flailing , until she did n't know which way was up , or where down was .
She hit the sand hard .
Salt stung her shoulder where it was scraped bloody by shell and rock .
Over and over again Josie was tumbled and dragged on the rocky bottom only to be sucked back up into the churning , crystalline bubble of water .
She was suffocating .
Death was around the corner .
There was no savior in sight .
She wanted her mother .
Where was her mother , Josie wondered , as Hannah fought for her life ?
Just when Josie was sure she could n't hold her breath one minute longer , just when she was sure she was going to die , the ocean threw her up on shore .
Lying on the sand , gasping for air , Josie looked up .
Emily was dancing in the waves , oblivious to everything but her own pleasure .
Hannah Sheraton had been like Josie .
She had held her breath as she tumbled through the beautiful treacherous waters of the Rayburn house while Linda and Kip danced outside the surf and Fritz dragged her under the tide of his sickness .
Linda had n't saved her , but Josie would .
She was convinced that Hannah 's story was not a fantasy .
The girl knew too much , gave too many names , and was too specific as to Fritz Rayburn 's particular habits .
By the time the court reconvened Josie knew what she had to do .
She had to believe in Hannah unconditionally .
Mired in her outrage , guarding against the slippery slope of skepticism , Josie stood rigidly behind the defense table ; eyes forward as she controlled her breathing and planned her attack .
Josie did n't realize Linda was near until she heard her voice .
" You ca n't keep me out of that room , " Linda hissed .
" I ' m her mother . "
Josie looked at Linda , unmoved by such outrage .
It was too little too late .
Josie stepped to the bar , close enough to smell Linda 's expensive perfume , to see the little scar on the side of her lip twitch .
" I can do what I damn well please , " Josie assured her coldly .
" You 're going to kill her .
I told you that in the beginning .
It was just a matter of time before she went nuts .
Tell the judge now .
Tell him you want to talk to the prosecutor about a plea . "
Josie looked at the empty jury box .
She could hear Linda 's voice but Josie 's mind was elsewhere .
Her entire defense would have to change now and she was n't clear what direction it would take .
Self - defense ?
Battered woman 's syndrome ?
All Josie knew was that Linda had n't just ignored her daughter 's pain ; she had inflicted it on Hannah with her selfishness .
Finally , she looked at Linda .
" You are disgusting .
Did you think I would n't find out what Rayburn was doing ?
Why did n't you tell me up front ?
What was there to protect ?
Your husband ?
Your reputation ?
It would have all been so different if you just told me . "
" I do n't know what you 're talking about , " Linda snapped , but she 'd gone pale .
She took hold of Josie 's arm .
" What are you going to do ?
What did Hannah tell you ? "
" You 'll know when everyone else does , " Josie growled .
" Now let go of me and sit down , or I swear I 'll make this worse for you than it needs to be . "
" Josie , I do n't know what Hannah told you . . . "
But Josie had turned her back .
People were watching .
Linda sat down , pulling herself tall , squaring her shoulders .
Behind her , spectators were filing in , wondering about Hannah and judging Linda .
Linda hated judgment .
How could they know anything about her life ?
How could these people – the press , the spectators , the vacant faced bailiff and clerk , the jury and even the judge himself – presume to think they knew anything about Linda , or the way she had raised her daughter , or the things she had to do to survive ?
It sickened Linda Rayburn to think that anyone felt superior to her – even if it was only their perception .
Linda threw back her head , turning just as Rudy Klein walked past .
He fixed his eyes on her until he pushed through the swinging gate of the bar .
Unnerved , Linda 's chin dropped and her hand went to her throat .
There was something in those eyes of his that put her off as sharply as if he had poked her with a stick ; as if she was a rock he was trying to turn to see what crawling things were underneath .
Then the judge was seated , the court reporter 's hands were poised above her machine , and Kip was being called back to the stand for Josie 's cross .
Kip stopped to touch Linda 's hand .
That was all it took to put her on the right track again .
The end was too close to let anything knock them off course .
Finally Kip seemed to understand that .
Judge Norris instructed the jury to attend to the matters at hand and gave Josie the nod .
Standing in front of Kip Rayburn , Josie clasped her hands low , planted her feet and led with her strength .
" Mr .
Rayburn , is n't it true that your father , Justice Fritz Rayburn , abused you ? "
The silence lasted exactly five seconds before the buzz started .
What did she say ?
Did I hear that right ?
" Objection , Your Honor ! "
Rudy called out , on his feet , as pale as his witness .
" This is outrageous and beyond the scope . "
Josie was quick and fierce .
Her head snapped toward the bench for only as long as it took to explain herself .
" Goes to credibility , Judge . "
" Request a sidebar , Your Honor , " Rudy demanded .
Norris crooked a finger , simultaneously calling for quiet , threatening to clear the courtroom if he did n't get what he wanted .
Josie went reluctantly , unwilling to take her eyes off Kip Rayburn .
She wanted him to feel the depth of her disdain .
Norris covered the microphone on the bench and leaned forward .
Rudy went first .
He was so incensed Josie feared he would combust .
" Your Honor , this is outrageous .
Ms .
Bates will have a chance to present her case but to abuse this witness with histrionics is blatant sensationalism and demeans this court . "
" Oh please , " Josie shot back in disgust .
" You opened the door .
This witness has testified to the kind nature of Justice Rayburn .
He has painted a picture of a selfless man bent only on helping my client and that is , quite simply , untrue according to my client .
I should be allowed to explore the character of the victim since the prosecutor is holding that character up to scrutiny . "
" She is right counselor , " Norris ruled .
" Then limit the scope , Your Honor , " Rudy pleaded .
" Allow Mr . Rayburn to testify only to what he experienced in regard to the defendant . "
" Your witness is already on the record regarding his insights into Justice Rayburn 's treatment of my client .
If you limit me , I will have no way of discrediting his testimony without him admitting to perjury .
Please , Your Honor .
This girl deserves every opportunity to prove her truthfulness . "
Norris hesitated .
This case had taken a turn that would whip public interest to a frenzy and that worried him .
He was already hearing the sound bites , the debates , and the speculation that would erupt on talk shows and in the press .
A California Supreme Court Justice had gone from saint to sinner and it was clear Josie Baylor - Bates was going to milk this for all it was worth .
Still , he had a job to do .
Much as he hated to , Norris would let this play out .
" Overruled , Mr . Klein .
Step back . "
Rudy went back to his corner , unnerved by the ruling .
He was barely seated when Josie closed in on Kip Rayburn .
The man looked gray .
His hair seemed to have thinned .
He seemed to have wilted inside his suit .
Then she saw a spark deep in his eyes .
Kip was n't afraid .
He was examining the predator and the nature of her attack in order to protect himself .
That meant only one thing .
Hannah had n't lied .
" Mr .
Rayburn .
I ask you again , when did your father , Fritz Rayburn , start abusing you ? "
" I am not going to answer that . "
" Your Honor , permission to treat as hostile . "
Josie never took her eyes off Kip Rayburn as she circled and left him open to the jury 's scrutiny .
" So directed . "
Norris instructed .
Josie inclined her head in thanks .
She could now demand his answers , insist on the truth , pound at his responses until she was satisfied her client had been well served .
" Do you need the question read back , Mr . Rayburn ? "
Josie asked .
Kip let his eyes linger on Josie for a minute .
His expression was condescending .
His gaze wandered to Linda .
Josie could feel the minute their eyes locked .
Methodically he surveyed the spectators and the jury .
Finally , disdainfully , Kip Rayburn answered the question .
" My father never abused me , Ms . Bates . "
" Did Justice Rayburn use a wooden paddle on you when you were eight ? "
" Yes . "
" When you were twelve did your father cut your right index finger so deep that it exposed the bone and took twenty - seven stitches to close it up ? "
" That was an accident .
He was trying to show me how to whittle , " Kip said .
" With a carving knife , Mr . Rayburn ? "
Josie asked disdainfully .
" You had to be there , Ms . Bates , " he answered .
" And on your ninth birthday did your father lock you in the closet with a . . . "
" This is ridiculous . "
Kip Rayburn muttered .
One hand went to his mouth ; the other was cocked back on the arm of the witness chair .
" Mr .
Rayburn , you are directed – " Judge Norris began but Kip had other ideas .
" No .
I will not be directed to talk about things that are personal .
The way my father and I dealt with one another is no one 's business .
This is n't about me .
It 's about her . "
Kip tossed his head toward the empty defense table .
" Fine , " Josie stepped forward .
" Then tell us this , Mr . Rayburn , did your father abuse Hannah Sheraton ? "
" Of course not , " Kip snorted .
" Verbally ? "
" No . " " Emotionally ? "
" No . "
" Did he touch her , Mr . Rayburn ? "
" Only in the way a concerned old man would touch a child he cared about . "
" Did he physically discipline her ? "
Josie snapped .
" He disciplined her within reason , " Kip shot back .
" Did that include burning her with wax from a candle , Mr . Rayburn ? "
" I beg your pardon . "
" Wax .
Hot wax on her thigh .
Hot enough to burn through a summer skirt .
Did your father do that ? "
" No !
I mean , how would I know ?
I did n't monitor my father 's behavior . "
" Considering the way your father disciplined you , do n't you think you should have watched how the great Justice Rayburn interacted with the defendant ? "
" Hannah was a big girl . . . "
" So you 're saying that your father only abused small children .
Is that what you 're saying ? "
" No , that 's not what I ' m saying .
Do not twist my words .
You can not twist them to suit you .
Hannah was the one who abused my father .
Hannah was the one . . . "
Josie threw herself back into the courtroom , her arms raised in disbelief .
" Hannah was fourteen when she came to live in your home and barely fifteen when your father first took an interest in her .
We 've all seen her .
She weighs one hundred pounds , and you want to tell this court that she was the one who abused . . . "
" Objection , " Rudy roared .
" Counsel is blatantly badgering this witness . "
Forgetting Kip Rayburn Josie turned on Rudy .
" What is outrageous is that my client is on trial when it is the Rayburn family that should be held accountable for what they have done to her .
How far did you look for a perpetrator , Mr . Klein ?
How far were you willing to go to sacrifice a child so that you could make a name for yourself – or was it to protect the reputation of a dead judge ? "
Josie 's eyes slid to Kip .
" Or is your office protecting the next Justice Rayburn , Mr . Klein ? "
" Ms . Bates , that is enough , " Judge Norris warned .
" No , I want to know .
Were you afraid if you tried to find the real criminal someone might have dug up the fact that Fritz Rayburn was n't such a good guy after all ? "
" That 's ridiculous .
Your client had the means and the opportunity .
Your client set that fire . "
Rudy was half out of his seat , outraged at the turn of events .
" That is enough ! "
Norris roared and his gavel crashed onto his desk .
Josie took too many steps back , moving so close to Kip that she could almost touch the wooden railing between them .
She rerouted herself again .
It was wrong to be so aggressive , so outraged .
Righteous indignation would help her client , not an attack .
The silence was deafening .
Rudy Klein sat down .
Josie pulled herself together .
" Continue with this witness in an appropriate manner , Ms . Bates or you will be sanctioned . "
She turned toward the jury then back again , her head bowed in thought .
Rudy fumed in his chair .
Josie was composed once more .
" Is it true your father was abusive to you , yes or no ? "
" No . " " Mr . Rayburn is n't it true that in the two days before his death you and your father fought violently . "
" I would n't characterize it that way , " Kip answered .
" Did you argue ? "
" Yes . "
" What did you argue about ? "
" A business matter . "
" During that business disagreement , were you so outraged that you threw a glass decanter at your father ? "
" Yes .
It was a mistake . "
" Did you resolve the matter ? "
" We would have , " Kip replied .
" So at the time of his death , you still harbored ill will toward your father for a current transgression .
Yes or no . "
" No . "
Josie did n't give him time to breathe .
" Did you harbor ill will toward him for his treatment of you as a child ? "
Kip swallowed hard and answered , " No . " " Were you upset that your father paid so much attention to the defendant . "
" I did n't think it was healthy . "
" You did n't think it was healthy , " Josie reiterated .
" That 's an interesting choice of words , Mr . Rayburn .
For whom was it unhealthy ?
For Hannah Sheraton ? "
Kip ignored the question and answered as he liked .
" There was an unhealthy concern on my father 's part for a girl who did n't know the value of his attention . "
" Are you still contending that your father only had Hannah Sheraton 's best interests at heart ? "
" Yes . "
Kip leaned forward in his chair , daring her to take this further .
Josie pulled herself to her full height , a small smile on her lips .
" Mr .
Rayburn , do you know the penalty for perjury ? "
" Yes , I do . "
" Then answer this question truthfully .
Was your stepdaughter abused by Justice Fritz Rayburn ? "
Kip could n't contain himself any longer .
He stood up and leaned over the railing of the witness box .
His tone was cruel , and his plain eyes seemed dead .
" If I had any knowledge of abuse in my home I would gladly tell you because then everyone would see that Hannah is a murderer .
If my father did such a despicable thing , if any of what you said was true , at least that little shit would have a decent motive for killing my father .
Or did n't that occur to you , you bitch ? "
Time stopped .
The courtroom reverberated with the echoes of Kip Rayburn 's fury .
His face , so ordinary in repose , took on angles and shadows carved by the twin blades of raw emotion and brutal honesty .
He trembled as he stood looking down on Josie Baylor - Bates .
His hatred of her was palpable .
She took a step forward , holding out her right hand as if to ask the judge to give her a moment .
It was Josie and Kip in that instant .
Everyone else faded to black and the camera captured them in close - up .
" If everything I said is true , " Josie said firmly , " then Hannah is n't the only one with a motive to kill your father is she , Mr . Rayburn ? "


CHAPTER 22 " In my chambers ! "
– Judge Cy Norris " Sit down ! "
Judge Norris bellowed as he swept into his chambers .
He yanked at the zipper on his robes and fought his way out of them .
Behind him Linda and Kip , Rudy and Josie scattered .
Linda took a chair , as did Rudy .
Josie and Kip stood on opposite sides of the room .
" Your Honor , " Josie began .
" Not yet .
Not yet , Ms . Bates .
You just give me a minute here to cool my jets . "
Norris huffed .
Adrenalin kept him from his seat .
Behind the desk he paced like a caged animal ; long strides in a short space .
His hands were on the side of his head before they landed on his hips .
The temperate looking man who had initially taken the bench had a formidable temper .
Finally he stopped , grasped the back of his chair , and hung his head .
In the silence that ensued he finally sat down , tented his fingers and looked at them .
He was , in a word , appalled .
" Mr .
Rayburn .
I will not accept that kind of behavior in my courtroom .
Period .
And I am disturbed to think that your behavior might be repeated in your own courtroom were the governor to allow you to take the bench . "
" It is n't my courtroom I 'd worry about , it is your own . "
" Mr . Rayburn , " Norris snapped .
" This entire trial is a farce . "
Kip sounded off .
" You 've enabled that woman to degrade these proceedings by attacking me and my father in public when she had every opportunity to ask me those same questions before this trial began .
This is a calculated attack . "
" You will show this court respect , sir , " Judge Norris intoned , " because you have no standing except as a witness here . "
" It does n't matter when I ask a question , " Josie insisted , ready to fight with Kip .
" I expect a truthful answer .
If you were going to turn a blind eye to what was happening in your own home then I had no choice but to bring it to the court 's attention . "
Josie whipped her head toward Judge Norris .
" Your Honor , I request a continuance .
I need more time to fully prepare now that I have this information .
I need to see what bearing the victim 's behavior , this witnesses ' behavior , has on my case . "
" Your Honor , " Rudy jumped in .
" There is no need to put the court out because Ms . Bates ' client has been less than forthcoming .
The defense has had ample time to uncover and investigate all aspects of this matter .
We are n't talking about forensics that need additional testing , or an eye witness that needs to be located . "
" I should say not , " Kip drawled .
" There could n't be a witness , or evidence , because nothing happened to that girl .
Ask my wife .
Ask her . "
All eyes turned toward Linda .
She sat with her knees together , her hands fisted in her lap .
Her face was the color of chalk , her eyes cold as ice as she stared at Josie .
" Why are you doing this to us ? "
Linda lifted her hands slightly .
" Did you know , Linda ?
Did you ? "
Josie asked quietly .
But Linda did n't answer .
She turned to Judge Norris .
" Your Honor , my daughter is ill .
She lives in a world of fantasy .
Hannah lives in her own mind .
She paints pictures ; she makes up lives for herself .
She smokes marijuana .
She reinvents herself every . . . "
" Linda ! "
Josie cried .
" What are you saying ?
Hannah has been abused , and she has the scars to prove it . "
Linda dropped her head before swinging it toward Josie , glaring at her from beneath her long lashes .
" Do n't you dare tell me about my daughter , Josie . "
" I ' m not .
I ' m asking you to look at her objectively .
Look at what that man did to her , " Josie pleaded .
" And I ' m telling you to look again . "
Linda shook back her hair and sat up straighter .
" You always could tell a fake when we played ball , Josie .
You should be able to tell one now . "
Josie 's eyes narrowed .
Something was wrong .
It was there in Linda 's tone , the shadow behind the eyes .
" This is n't sport , and Hannah is n't my opponent , Linda , " Josie said cautiously .
" No , this is n't sport , " Linda whispered before finding some strength and starting again .
" Hannah is a sick girl who has taken up every minute of my life with worry .
I do n't mind for myself , but she can ruin my husband 's career , and the reputation of a fine man who died a tragic death . "
She turned toward Rudy then to Judge Norris .
" How can you let this happen ?
How can you let her insinuate these things ?
Whatever Ms . Bates believes she saw , Hannah probably did it to herself ; whatever she told you are the imagining of a lonely teenager who has never fit in anywhere . "
She turned her gaze back to Josie .
" This is n't helping Hannah , Josie .
This is n't helping any of us . "
Kip stepped in .
" If you stay this course , Ms . Bates , you will be on the wrong side of a slander suit .
We want Hannah to plead no contest to all charges .
Mr .
Klein , I 'd like you to negotiate a plea bargain .
We will advise you of new counsel . "
Josie scoffed .
" You know counsel ca n't be replaced without good cause , and I have n't done anything but act in the best interest of my client . "
" That 's a laugh , " Kip snorted .
" I can replace you this minute .
I wo n't pay one more cent for this kind of representation . "
" So this is all about money and appearances . "
Josie nodded , resigned to what she had to do next .
" Fine .
Let 's remove her from you – not me from her .
Judge , Ms . Sheraton is being prosecuted as an adult .
She should make her own decisions and , if there is a question as to the legality of that , Your Honor , then I 'd like to go on record with my intent to file for emancipation of the minor Hannah Sheraton to sever all legal ties with Linda Rayburn . "
" You ca n't do that , " Linda cried half standing .
Kip grabbed her shoulders and settled her again .
" Your Honor , this is a mockery of the system , " Rudy argued .
" Emancipation was never meant to be used this way . "
" Then leave me alone to defend that girl ! "
Josie pushed the envelope without a thought to the consequences .
" Quiet .
All of you . "
Norris cut the air with his hand and looked at each one in turn .
Josie infuriated and determined , Linda stiff with rage , Rudy anxious to get this proceeding back on track , and Kip Rayburn hurt , angry and dangerous .
There was something else in Kip Rayburn , too , but it took Norris a minute to identify it .
Then he had a word for it .
Shame .
Shame could be a powerful motivator .
He gave his order .
" I 'll talk to the defendant .
Alone . "


CHAPTER 23 Josie knew one thing : all problems could be solved .
Fritz Rayburn was a problem .
Someone solved it by eliminating the source .
Josie 's father solved his problems by the book .
Emily Baylor - Bates ran away .
Linda turned a blind eye , some people ignored their troubles , and some created bigger ones to take their place .
Then there were people who solved their problems the good old - fashioned way – they worked at it .
Ask the right questions , determine if answers were truthful , make a plan , follow through and regroup if necessary .
Now they were waiting to see how Judge Norris would solve the problem of Hannah Sheraton .
Linda and Kip sat in the empty jury box , isolated , huddled together , and holding hands .
Kip did n't move ; Linda could n't sit still .
She leaned into her husband , put her hand on his knee , draped her arm over his shoulders , dropped her head so that it nestled against his jaw , and spoke to him in whispers .
The only thing Linda Rayburn did n't do was look at Josie pacing in the back of the courtroom .
Josie checked her watch incessantly , and wished a thousand times that Norris would have let her stay in chambers while he spoke to Hannah .
She promised silence .
He had dismissed her , and now time was n't going any faster because Josie was up and moving .
She sank onto the back pew , put her knees together , and splayed her feet outwards considering the fine point on the toe of her high - heeled boots .
" Bates ? "
Josie started and sat up straighter , instantly on her guard .
Rudy Klein swung himself onto the pew in front of her .
" What 's going on out there ? "
Josie cocked her head toward the door , keeping her voice low .
" The press is getting ready for a feeding frenzy .
You 're headlines again .
That 's quite a talent . "
" Anything else ? "
Josie had no patience for him and this little game of dredging up the past .
" No .
I guess not .
Just thought you might like some company .
I suppose I was wrong . "
Rudy started to get up .
Josie stopped him .
" Sorry .
Sorry .
I ' m a little sensitive at the moment . "
Rudy sat down again .
He hung one hand over the back of the pew .
He spoke quietly , thoughtfully .
" You 're not the only one .
And you 're not the only one who feels bad about all this . "
Rudy sighed .
His fingers drummed lightly on the back of the bench .
" I 've got to tell you it makes me feel terrible .
I admired Judge Rayburn .
I do n't want to think he could do what you 're saying he did .
Not to a kid .
Not his son or that girl . "
Josie looked at Rudy as his voice trailed off .
He was a truly handsome man .
His hair waved back from a broad , intelligent brow .
The eyes that looked so lazy were actually bright and telling .
He had probably been a hell of an actor but he was n't acting now .
Rudy was disturbed and fighting to stay true to his own charge .
" I do n't think anyone wants to believe it , but that is what we 've got , " Josie said .
" Maybe .
Maybe not , " Rudy sighed and rubbed his hand over his eyes .
" I just wonder if you really know what you 're doing .
I mean the press is going to run with this , a lot of things are going to be called into question : Rayburn 's judgments , the governors , your own part in this . "
" Are you concerned for my professional reputation ? "
She slid her eyes toward him , wary of the opponent at rest .
" I would n't like to see you go down the tubes and I think you might .
You 're running with a ball but you did n't consider who made the pass . "
Rudy rested his chin on his hand .
" Maybe asking for a continuance and checking out the kid 's story before you came out with all guns blazing might have made a little more sense " " It 's nice of you to worry about me .
I think my reputation will survive , " Josie drawled .
" Hey , come on .
I ' m not rooting for you to go down , this is just some advice .
Whatever is between you and the girl 's mother is between the two of you .
But what she has to say about this girl being delusional , or self destructive , or whatever , may be right . "
" And I believe my client , " Josie answered .
" That 's enough . "
He shook his head , sliding his arm off the back of the bench in dismay , genuinely distressed .
" Then you 're going to be the only one .
Fritz Rayburn was a California Supreme Court Justice .
I can recite his resume chapter and verse .
There has never , ever been a hint of scandal and now a girl with mega problems is crying foul .
You 've got to see the downside of all this . "
Josie pulled her feet together and leaned forward .
She kept her voice low .
" Rudy , why does age and accomplishment count for more than youth and fear ?
I think telling me about this was a pretty gutsy thing for Hannah to do .
I wish she 'd done it earlier .
She knew people would react the way you are .
Nobody wants to scrutinize Fritz Rayburn , or call him to account .
Do you think Kip would have stood up for Hannah if she told him ?
Do you think her mother would ? "
" I would , had there been credible evidence , " Rudy insisted .
" Right .
The same way you 're willing to believe her now , " Josie scoffed .
" Give me a break , Rudy . "
She turned her head .
Kip was watching them , and when Josie caught his eye she was overwhelmed with sadness for everyone : Kip , Linda , and especially Hannah .
Then she looked around the courtroom and the feeling passed .
No one in here did anything because they felt sorry for a fellow human being .
Here everyone was driven by a higher purpose , and Josie 's was justice for a girl who had no power .
" You said you and the DA want to hold kids who kill accountable . "
She sat up straighter but still spoke quietly .
" Why should n't accountability work both ways ?
I 'd like to think you 'd prosecute Fritz Rayburn if he were accused .
I 'd like to think I would defend him because everyone is innocent until proven guilty .
But Fritz Rayburn is n't my client .
Hannah is .
She deserves everything I 've got to give including laying the truth out like a bed of nails and making you lay down on it .
I expect you to fight back hard , but what I really expect , Rudy , is that we 'll just get to the truth .
Most often this is where the truth finally comes out if you dig deep enough . "
Rudy Klein pulled his lips together .
Josie Baylor - Bates believed in her client as much as he believed Hannah Sheraton was responsible for Justice Rayburn 's death .
" I can bury you with this abuse thing if you pursue it , Bates .
It 's motive pure and simple , " he said bluntly .
" I 'll talk to the District Attorney about a deal .
Let 's make this go away before it goes any further . "
Josie looked over at Kip Rayburn then back at Rudy .
" No , Rudy .
This time I ' m right .
It 's a reason for Hannah to have defended herself not the other way around .
No deal . "
With that , Josie stood up .
The door of chambers had opened .
Judge Norris had Hannah by the arm and was escorting her into the courtroom .
Linda rushed out of the jury box , hands out to her daughter .
Hannah looked away and stayed close to Judge Norris .
Kip stood behind Linda .
Rudy followed Josie until they had all congregated behind the bar .
Judge Norris and Hannah were in front of it .
Norris spoke quietly and firmly .
" I have decided to grant a continuation per Ms . Bates ' request .
This trial will resume on Tuesday the sixteenth .
This court will recognize Ms . Sheraton 's adult status without emancipation proceedings .
She has chosen to have Ms . Bates continue as her defense attorney .
She has also decided there will be no further discussion of plea bargain unless the attorneys are present , and the defendant agrees . "
" Oh , God . "
Linda uttered a cry under her breath and turned into her husband .
" I am , however , in a quandary regarding where Ms . Sheraton will live for the duration of these proceedings . "
" I do n't understand .
She 'll come home with me , " Linda said .
" Did n't she say she wanted to come home with me ?
Hannah ? "
" After today the court will decide where Hannah lives .
It is clear to me that the emotional wounds in this matter run deep and cut two ways .
The court is sympathetic to both parties , but " he held up one hand , a finger toward heaven , " I will not have this defendant intimidated or subjected to undue influence during the course of this trial .
Because of what happened here today , I am reluctant to release Ms . Sheraton to the custody of her mother while she resides with Mr . Rayburn . "
The judge looked over Linda 's shoulder to her husband .
" I understand how difficult this must be for you , Mr . Rayburn .
I know that the choice to testify for the prosecution must have been a very difficult one .
However , that choice will not soon be forgotten in the same way that your suspicions will not be put to rest easily .
There will be no magic once you walk out of this courtroom that will allow you and Ms . Sheraton to reside civilly under the same roof for the duration . "
" Judge , " Josie stepped forward , " the ramifications would be even worse if Hannah was remanded to county care .
I know the court would n't want to see any more harm come to her . "
Norris smiled sadly , " No , this court does not .
But harm comes in many guises .
While I do n't want her in physical distress , I also do n't want to see any deterioration of her mental state .
If the hostility exhibited today continues because she is confined to her home I ' m afraid that 's what I see in her future . "
" But . . . "
Josie began to argue .
It was Kip who ended the discussion .
" I wo n't be going back to the Malibu house , " he said .
Linda gasped and turned toward her husband , forgetting Hannah .
" Kip , there 's no reason to do this .
I ' m sure we can work this out , " Linda insisted but Kip ignored her .
" I wo n't be going back , Judge . "
Kip 's voice was flat , his expression determined .
He seemed unmoved by Linda 's touch , her panic , and her need .
" Ever ?
Kip , you do n't mean you 're never coming home , do you ? "
Linda whispered softly .
" Mrs .
Rayburn ? "
Judge Norris called .
Linda blinked .
She hesitated , reluctant to take her eyes off Kip .
Her skin was pale .
Her hands were trembling as they grasped her purse .
She looked stunned .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , I will need your assurance that your priority will be your daughter .
From now until the end of this trial you will be responsible for your daughter 's whereabouts twenty - four hours a day .
Is that clear ?
Mr .
Rayburn will not be in the Malibu residence .
If you see him , you will take steps to ensure that your daughter is monitored and safe . "
Linda looked from Kip to the judge and back again .
Linda was being called upon to divide the baby and Josie held her breath , wondering which she would choose .
Finally , her voice low , her eyes unable to meet Norris 's , Linda nodded .
" Yes .
I understand . "
" Fine . Mr . Rayburn will advise this court of his residence . "
" The house in the Palisades . "
Kip 's gaze leveled first at Hannah , and then at Josie .
" My clerk will need the full address and phone number , " the judge instructed .
" Mrs .
Rayburn and Ms . Sheraton will continue to reside in Malibu .
If there is a problem with this , other living arrangements will be made for the defendant .
I would prefer that does n't happen .
In fact , I hope I have made clear how very much I do n't want that to happen . "
" Can I take Hannah home now ? "
Linda asked .
" Yes .
I wo n't change the provisions of bail as long as Ms . Sheraton abides by them .
Is that understood ? "
" Yes , sir , " Hannah whispered , her eyes darting to her mother , her right hand moving against her thigh in measured beats .
" Good .
Then I suggest you all go home . Mrs . Rayburn is to leave every possible channel of communication open for Ms . Bates and her client .
Is that understood ? "
" Yes , " Linda murmured .
Josie stepped forward to offer her support but Linda was quick .
She wanted nothing to do with Josie .
Linda bundled Hannah up and pulled her away from Josie , the court , the judge , and Rudy Klein .
Josie followed , catching up with Linda at the door .
" Hannah .
Linda .
Wait , " Josie called .
Linda 's head whipped around .
She pulled Hannah closer .
" Have n't you done enough today ? "
Linda sneered .
" Mom , please , " Hannah begged .
" I did it .
I told her . "
" Shut up , Hannah .
Do n't make it worse . "
Linda 's eyes blazed as she stepped forward so the judge would n't hear them .
" Just stay away from us .
You 've ruined everything .
You 've ruined my marriage .
You 've made my daughter crazy . "
" Mom , " Hannah cried .
" Please , it is n't her fault .
I only told her about what Fritz did to – " " Shut up , Hannah .
Do n't say anything else . "
Linda tightened her hold , claiming Hannah .
" You ca n't keep her away from me , Linda , " Josie warned quietly .
" I 'll do what the judge says , but it does n't mean I ' m going to let you destroy everything either .
I earned this family .
It is mine and I 'll figure out a way to keep it together . "
Linda hitched her purse and tightened her grip on Hannah .
" Now , I think my daughter has had enough for one day .
I know I certainly have . "
" Hannah , are you all right ? "
Josie asked , bypassing Linda .
Hannah nodded .
" Okay .
I 'll call later . "
" You will not , " Linda snapped before remembering the judge 's order .
" At least give us a little time . "
Josie stepped away , hands up as she backed off .
" Okay .
Okay .
Just listen .
The press is set up at the main entrance .
It 's a zoo out there .
Take Hannah down the freight elevator to the left . "
Josie held Linda 's gaze .
Hatred in Linda 's eyes ; resolve in Josie 's .
Without another word Linda put her hand on the side of her daughter 's head , steered it onto her shoulder , and hustled her out the door .
Josie turned back to retrieve her jacket and briefcase .
Kip Rayburn was deep in conversation with Rudy .
Judge Norris had returned to chambers and Josie had eleven days to find out exactly what kind of man Fritz Rayburn was , and who else might have wanted him dead .
* * * Linda started drinking at six .
She smoked half a pack of cigarettes while she listened to Hannah tear up her room .
Hannah 's rampage lasted forty - five minutes .
The silence stretched into two hours as Linda waited for Kip to walk through the door .
She was positive he would defy the court order and come to her .
At nine Linda figured she was on her own .
Putting aside her drink and her cigarettes , Linda walked to the back of the house .
Hannah was sitting on her stool , rocking and counting .
The bedding was in a pile , the pillows tossed toward the bathroom .
Hannah 's clothes were ripped from their hangers , grabbed from the drawers and dumped on the floor .
A razor blade was in a small dish at Hannah 's feet .
It had n't been used , thank God .
Linda closed her eyes , breathed in through her nose and said : " You do n't have to worry .
Kip is n't coming home . "
Hannah kept rocking .
Linda tried again .
" He 'll come around .
When this is all over , we 'll still be here . "
Linda eased into the room .
She stopped with her back against the wall when she was within Hannah 's range of vision .
" Did Fritz do what Josie says he did ? "
" Yes , " Hannah whispered .
" Why did n't you tell me , baby ? "
Linda choked on the words .
She sniffled and put her hands to her lips .
Just the thought of what Hannah had been through brought back bad memories of Hannah 's father .
His dark eyes and thick lashes , the way his hands felt on her , the way he made love – the way he hit her , twisted arms , broke bones .
He had been gorgeous to look at and deadly to live with .
Linda had n't told anyone about the abuse because there was no one to tell in a country where beating your woman was a sign of manliness .
Eventually Linda walked away because she could .
It was different with Hannah .
She was a kid .
She had tried to run and Fritz had always brought her back .
Still , Hannah could have said something .
If she had , everything would have been different .
Everything .
" Why did n't you tell me ? "
Linda asked again .
She swayed against the wall and put out her hands to steady herself .
She had drunk too much , thought too much , and lay awake too many hours over the last weeks trying to figure out what to do .
" Why did n't you tell me , Hannah ? "
" Because you did n't want me to . "
Slowly Hannah turned to look at Linda .
Her hair fell across one side of her face , her green eyes sparkled .
The energy it took to destroy her room , the futility of all this , had left her exhausted .
" That 's not true , Hannah .
If I had known it would have changed everything .
It . . . "
Linda was on the floor , her arms around Hannah before she knew what had happened .
Her hands were in Hannah 's hair , holding her face , her tears falling on Hannah 's shoulders .
" You 're drunk , mom .
You 're drunk . "
Hannah pushed Linda away but her mother held on tight .
" No .
I just feel so sad .
If I had known what he was doing I could have bested the old bastard .
Everything would have been so simple .
So different . "
Linda sobbed and clutched at her daughter but Hannah pushed her hard .
Linda fell back , splayed on the floor .
" You must have been so scared .
If you told me I could have stopped him from hurting either one of us .
It would have been so simple . "
Hannah sat on her stool and listened to her mother 's protestations .
There had been no comfort in Linda 's embrace .
The sound of her mother 's voice did n't soothe her .
The promise that it would have been different did n't mean shit because Fritz was dead .
It was done .
All of it .
Kip Rayburn let himself into the Palisades house and did everything he always did when he got home .
He walked up stairs to his bedroom and put his wallet and his key on the bureau in the dressing room .
He flipped on the bathroom light and the lamp at the bedside .
He sat on the bed and took his watch off .
The place was as it always was : spotlessly clean , perfectly appointed .
He should have come home weeks ago when the police released the property .
He wandered through the house , touching the elegant , traditional furniture , looking at the classic artwork .
Fritz had done well with this house .
Anyone would have believed he had come from money , grown up with the finest things .
He was a master of disguise , that old man .
Kip went down to the kitchen but he was n't hungry .
He poured himself a drink but did n't taste it .
Finally , he did what he knew he was going to do all along : he opened the front door and walked the grounds .
Kip passed the fountain where the fireman had found Hannah .
The little stone peeing boy atop it was dry for the time being ; the water cut off while the wreckage was cleared .
Part of the staircase still stood .
One of Hannah 's paintings had only been partially destroyed .
A workman had propped it near the fountain as if he had found something precious .
Kip kicked at it as he walked , resisting the temptation to stomp it into the ground .
This was n't the time to lose control .
He 'd never done it as a kid – he 'd only done it once as an adult – and look what happened .
His shoes scraped on the bare foundation .
Funny how the smell of fire lingered , clung to nothing but concrete , how it felt hotter the minute he stepped onto the slab , how the tinkle of the ice in his drink seemed to echo off the nonexistent walls .
Sinking onto the bottom step of the staircase Kip Rayburn looked up into the night sky , then out toward the gardens .
He looked at the hills and canyons of the Palisades and then he started to laugh .
Anyone listening might have mistaken it for crying .
It struck him funny that he was sitting in the ruins of his home , facing the ruin of his life , the loss of his father and the estrangement of his wife .
In the final analysis , Fritz Rayburn was the only thing that had ever , really , truly belonged to Kip Rayburn and Hannah Sheraton had taken that away .
Would n't Fritz get a kick out of this mess ?
Would n't he love to see how miserable everyone was ?
Kip Rayburn thought about all this as he put his head against the wall and laughed and laughed until he cried .
* * * Rudy Klein got home just before the late news began .
He stripped down to his t - shirt and boxers .
Dinner was a box of crackers and a hunk of cheese , a glass of milk , and a Ding - Dong .
A Rudy dinner ; a Mikey dessert .
Rudy picked up the Ding - Dong and started taking off the silver wrapper just as a commercial came on .
Keeping an eye on the television he dialed his ex - wife .
" Hey , " he said .
" It 's late .
I ' m sorry .
I just wanted to ask a favor .
Go in and kiss Mikey once more for me . "
" He 's asleep , Rudy , " Pam grumbled .
" And I was almost asleep . "
" I know .
But what 's it going to hurt ?
Come on . "
Suddenly , thoughts of Mikey and his ex - wife flew out of his head .
Rudy Klein hung up the phone while Pam was still complaining .
The news had started and the headline was the Rayburn trial .
* * * Josie and Archer sat near the window at Burt 's at the Beach so they could keep an eye on Max who was fast asleep on the still warm sidewalk .
The burger platters were on order , a pitcher of beer sweated between them , and Archer 's contact sheets were spread over the table .
Before he could hand Josie the loop , before Josie could tell him what had happened in court , Burt called : " Hey , Josie .
They 're talking about you on TV . "
Everyone in the place fell silent .
All eyes turned upward as Burt adjusted the sound on the set .
" Oh , my God , " Josie breathed .
Archer tipped back in his chair and whistled softly .
Josie looked back at him .
He raised an eyebrow .
" Had a tough day , did you , Jo ? "
* * * Alex Schaeffer and Cheryl Winston were dressed to the nines .
Governor Davidson had n't bothered with black - tie , but then he seldom did .
In another part of the Bel Air mansion , two hundred people dined on game hens , heart of palm salad , lobster bisque , and crème fraiche atop apple tartlets .
They would raise an easy half a million for the governor 's coffers this evening , as long as no one saw what the three of them were seeing now .
Lead story on the news was Linda Rayburn and her daughter surrounded by a crowd of reporters jostling for position .
CBS had done a fabulous job .
Their cameraman got a clear shot of Linda 's beautiful , angry face , and their reporter managed to stick a microphone right under her nose to catch every vitriolic word .
" What about my rights as a parent ?
That 's what I want to know .
The judge says that Josie Bates has rights , and my daughter has rights , but I have none .
I ' m disgusted .
My daughter needs help .
She does n't need to be pulled in six different directions by the court .
Where are the people in this world who believe that a parent has the best interest of their child at heart ?
Where are the people who will stand up for the family ?
I ca n't believe any of this is happening .
Josie Baylor - Bates should be shot for what she 's done today . "
Alex turned off the television .
The skirt on Cheryl 's dress rustled as she turned toward the governor .
The governor stared at the blank screen for a minute then stood up , buttoned his coat and said : " Find out what happened in court , and why the wife of our Supreme Court nominee is acting out in front of everyone in the whole damned state . "


CHAPTER 24 " Who does this lawyer think she is ?
God ? "
" Those parents are financially and morally responsible for their daughter .
If that lawyer wants to be responsible for a child , then let her have one of her own and take all the responsibility . "
" This is like a really late term abortion .
That girl is being ripped from her mother and somebody should do something about it . "
" Maybe something weird is going on here .
Maybe something did happen to that girl .
Should n't someone find out about that ? "
– Callers to KFI Talk Radio " Come on in . " Faye opened the door of her home wide and gave Max a pat as she motioned Josie toward the sunroom .
" Thanks .
Sorry I did n't get the message until now .
I was at Archer 's last night . "
Josie said .
" I feel like I 've been run over by a truck . "
Josie veered off to the kitchen , settled Max , and poured herself some coffee .
In the sunroom she sank onto a chair , tucked her legs beneath her , and wrapped her hands around her mug .
Faye was already settled .
A teacup was on the table at her elbow .
The weather had cooled and she wore a sweater to keep out the cold but the look of consternation on her face sent that chill right to Josie .
The Los Angeles Times was on the table with the tea .
The front page carried a picture of Linda Rayburn holding onto Hannah for dear life .
Faye had the Valley paper and the Daily Breeze .
Each one was opened to that picture of Linda and Hannah outside the courthouse .
" The Times has an old picture of you on the inside page . "
Faye tossed it toward Josie .
" You looked good with long hair . "
Josie shifted .
One foot hit the ground just as the LA Times fluttered to the floor .
She reached down , picked it up , and snapped it open .
Josie bit her bottom lip as she scanned the story , then looked with disgust at the picture on the front page .
" Linda deliberately put herself in this situation , " Josie muttered .
Then to Faye : " I told her to go down the freight elevator .
I do n't think she cares about Hannah at all . "
" Did you threaten to file for emancipation ? "
Faye asked , not bothering to respond to Josie 's observation .
" Yes , I did , " Josie answered .
" They were trying to railroad Hannah .
They were dismissing her accusations .
Linda was ready to give her up .
Everyone in that courtroom had an agenda that did n't include what was in Hannah 's best interests . "
Faye shook her head in disbelief .
" What you did was drastic and uncalled for , Josie .
Your client had enough problems without alienating her mother and half the people in this city .
There is a serious question that you overstepped your bounds as an attorney .
Threatening emancipation was emotional blackmail . "
" Oh come on , Faye . "
Josie tossed the paper onto the floor .
" Everyone in that room was ready to go to bat for a dead judge .
Without me , Hannah would n't have had a voice at all .
Linda and Kip Rayburn would have sold her out for an insanity plea just to keep this quiet . "
" Did you ask Hannah what kind of representation she wanted , or whether she wanted to be legally and irrevocably severed from her parent ? "
" Since when does a client dictate strategy ? "
" Since her life is at stake on so many levels .
I would think her input would be invaluable – at least to an attorney who honestly cares about what is best for her client , " Faye shot back .
" That 's all I care about , and all I think about , Faye .
Hannah was in no condition to think about anything , much less make decisions .
It 's all there . "
Josie indicated the newspapers .
They had n't missed a thing , not Hannah 's self mutilation , not Kip 's outburst , Linda 's outrage , or Josie 's accusations " I think that was the point Linda Rayburn was trying to make , " Faye said .
" Hannah is a disturbed kid , and you 've put yourself in an untenable position .
You 're a lawyer , Josie .
You can advise .
You can suggest .
You ca n't change legal relationships – especially that of a parent and a child – at your whim .
You did n't confer with your client , or her mother , before you made that threat .
Why are you being so bullheaded about this ? "
" Because it is unfair .
Because if I do n't fight hard , Hannah will end up in a mental facility and she does n't belong there .
And she sure does n't belong in prison .
Not knowing what we know now . "
Josie untucked her other leg .
She thought Faye was going to help her , stand by her .
Now it felt like Faye was lined up against her .
" Look , I spoke to Doctor McGrath late last night .
He 's one of the country 's foremost experts on obsessive / compulsive disorder .
He 's sending me a complete report on the ability of a person who suffers from this disorder to affect their chosen environment .
For some people it 's wiping up the kitchen , for others it 's locking the doors .
They could n't do anything to alter that environment .
It would be akin to them cutting off their nose to spite their face , literally .
When they are threatened by outside influences – like Rayburn 's abuse – they work harder than ever to protect the things and places that make them feel safe and secure . "
" That 's what you 're relying on ?
Josie , for goodness sake , you 've lost your perspective , " Faye cried .
" That 's compelling stuff when you add it to the questions about the physical evidence and how the fire started .
This will explain Hannah 's DNA on Rayburn , but exonerate her of the act that actually killed him .
I know that when I wrap it up in closing and tie it all together , they wo n't have any choice but to acquit . "
" I ' m sorry Josie , but the prosecution has a leg up .
A girl killing an abusive man is a whole lot easier to swallow than a girl being unable to light a match because she does n't like to upset the balance of nature .
To argue that Fritz 's abuse made her compulsion worse sounds like hocus - pocus .
It 's dangerous what you 're doing .
You say you want to help , and yet you do n't see that you might be solidifying a more acceptable motive . "
" Okay . Fine . " Josie was peeved .
She put her hands on her thighs .
" Look , Faye .
You have n't been behind this from the beginning .
And I do n't want to be rude , but this is a little out of your league .
I promise I know what I ' m doing .
I have options , so let 's drop it . "
Her nerves frayed , Josie started to get out of her chair but Faye stopped her .
" It 's not going to be that simple , Josie .
I had n't quite decided what to do , but you just helped me make up my mind . "
Faye 's eyes never left Josie 's .
There was no hesitation .
Indeed , Faye suddenly seemed to harbor a smoldering anger .
" I do n't want this case in - house one more minute . "
There was a beat of silence , a pause in which Josie and Faye squared off .
Faye had the advantage of surprise .
" I 've called Sandra Johns .
She 's sharp , quick on the uptake .
Hannah would do well with her and you 've got ten days to bring her up to speed .
I want you to recuse yourself and pass this along . "
" Do n't you think we should ask Hannah how she feels about new counsel ?
Or maybe we should just let Sandra show up when court resumes and surprise her ? "
Josie 's voice was dry with sarcasm .
" You did n't ask her about emancipation , did you ?
What you should do is tell Mrs . Rayburn so she has a chance to meet Sandra . . .
What you should do is show some respect , Josie . "
" I am showing respect to my client by doing my damndest for her .
I wo n't let this go because I hurt your feelings by pointing out the obvious .
You 've never been in this arena , and you have no experience with which to judge . "
" Stop treating this like a personal challenge .
Hannah is sixteen years old , Josie , " Faye cried .
" Do what is best for that girl and get her someone who is more objective .
Bring her mother back into the picture or you 're going to destroy Hannah , the relationship with her mother , and yourself . "
Josie shook her head hard .
Ruining a mother 's relationship with her daughter was the last thing she wanted .
" You 're wrong .
There are priorities .
The first is to win this trial .
Once that 's done we can worry about relationships .
Besides , Norris would have to approve new counsel .
He 's not going to do that after today .
This thing is already too hot to handle .
If you 've got a problem , let 's talk about it .
Do n't go behind my back and talk to Sandra Johns .
If you do n't have that respect for Hannah , at least have it for me . "
" Okay , let 's talk about professional respect , " Faye agreed .
" Let 's talk about Helen Sterling .
You were supposed to talk to her about her property settlement .
You never called .
Billy Zuni was released and has been trying to see you for the last three days .
Not even a phone call .
Let 's talk about your time sheet .
You have n't done one , and the billing cycle is already over .
Let 's talk about Angie who 's been working overtime for you every night and not a word of thanks , just more directions and demands .
Where do you want to start , Josie ?
What do you want to discuss when it comes to your professional behavior ? "
Agitated , Josie waved her hands .
" I ' m sorry , okay ?
I 've let a few things slip , but now I have some breathing room .
I 'll get all that done in the next few days .
I 'll have the time sheet on your desk Monday morning .
But you 're forgetting that this is n't just about the next few weeks .
This is about an opportunity for this firm , " Josie insisted , hoping Faye would look at the big picture .
" The fee we 're getting for this is big and we can use it to upgrade .
We can afford another paralegal .
The notoriety will bring in bigger and better clients , Faye .
This case could put this firm on the map . "
Faye got up but she did n't go far .
She turned away from Josie for a second and collected her thoughts .
When she was ready to talk again Faye was a calm , controlled , and committed woman .
" Charlie and I founded this firm , Josie .
I nurtured it .
I kept it small and quiet because the people who need me are small and quiet .
I told you when you started this thing with Hannah that I did n't want it to impact my business , but that 's what 's happening .
I do n't want Angie 's time monopolized .
I do n't want reporters on my doorstep .
I do n't want my clients to worry that we 're going to take anything away from them the way you have taken Hannah away from Linda Rayburn . "
" That 's unfair , " Josie argued .
" This is a unique situation . "
" Josie , you know exactly what I mean and I resent you thinking you can out maneuver or shame me on this .
I wo n't allow it . "
Josie dropped her chin .
She looked at her hands , spread her fingers , and checked out her short nails .
Quickly she pulled those fingers in , making two fists .
Her hands were shaking .
" You said there were options .
I only heard one .
Referral . "
There was a heartbeat and then another .
Faye was rock solid .
There was n't a shadow of doubt or regret on her face .
There was n't a tremor of indecision when she said : " You can take care of this on your own , Josie . "
" Faye , " Josie breathed in disbelief .
" You 'd cut me loose ? "
" I do n't agree with your tactics .
I resent the fact that you think I do n't understand them .
The publicity is going to do my firm more harm than good .
Tiffany took a phone call late last night threatening us because of what you did to Linda .
Your troubles have n't begun and already I 've had enough . "
Faye was exasperated .
She moved closer to Josie and sat on the edge of the coffee table .
Her voice was reasonable and sad .
" What am I supposed to do ?
Spend my day worrying about how Hannah Sheraton is going to affect me , and my business , instead of serving the people I care about ? "
Josie could feel that chill starting deep in her gut .
She had that same feeling the morning her mother disappeared , a deserter from the family post .
She felt it when she learned Kristin Davis 's children were dead .
Josie wrapped her arms around her body but raised her head high .
She had learned something during those long ago tests .
Fear was one thing , showing it quite another .
" This is n't just your firm anymore , Faye .
We 're partners , or have you forgotten ? "
Faye 's expression melted into genuine sadness .
" You never signed those papers , Josie .
You have no legal standing in my firm . "
Josie was out of her chair , agitated , frightened , disbelieving , and still wanting to fight .
" Faye , I ca n't believe you 'd do this . . . "
Do n't send me away .
Do n't leave me alone .
" You 've left me no choice , " Faye answered .
" Why is it that someone like Hannah does n't need as much help as somebody down the block ?
Because she 's pretty ?
Young ?
Because she has big problems ?
You have n't even talked to her , Faye .
You do n't know her at all .
She could n't have done what she 's accused of , and I know it in here . "
Josie put her fist to her chest .
It was a ridiculous , melodramatic gesture of solidarity , but that was what she felt for Hannah Sheraton .
Everyone was willing to walk out on this kid or throw her away , and that made Josie 's heart hurt .
" I do n't want to talk to her , " Faye cried in frustration .
" I want you to forget about her , come back to work , and deal with the people you told me you wanted to represent when I hired you . "
" You are so full of it .
You 're not even listening to yourself .
You want us to help people but only certain people . "
Josie planted her hands on her hips and turned her head toward the window .
Her back was to Faye .
Clouds hung over the horizon .
Josie wanted the sun to come back so she could go outside and pick up a game of volleyball , sit on the beach with a beer , and get her work done between nine and five .
She did n't want to feel this kind of passion again , yet there it was .
Her gut burned with it .
Whatever had driven Josie all those years ago was driving her again .
But this time it was fine - tuned .
This case was more than a challenge to Josie 's intellect ; it was a challenge to her emotional well being .
Faye had drawn the line .
Josie would have to step over it .
" You 're not putting limits on what we do as lawyers , or how we do it , but on who we do it for .
I would n't have expected it from you , Faye . "
" I would n't have either , Josie .
I just know this is n't what I want for my firm and , bottom line , this is still my firm . "
" You 're not giving me any real options here , Faye , " Josie whispered .
" Refer her , or take her out on your own , " Faye said plainly .
Josie did n't move .
She could n't move .
Something inside her said that she was the only one who could help Hannah .
The arrogance of that was ridiculous , but there it was .
" Josie ? "
Faye 's voice surrounded her , challenged her .
" I heard you . "
Josie faced Faye .
" Those are ultimatums , not options . "
" I ' m not going to defend my decision , " Faye answered .
" Even if you win , there is n't going to be a happy ending , Josie .
Sad thing is that I think you 're the one who is going to be hurt when this is over .
You make a commitment as a lawyer to be a clear - eyed , clear - headed advocate .
You are supposed to be unmoved by the mitigating circumstances , and able to put aside your experiences and emotions as a woman in order to do your job .
You 're not doing any of that .
This is just too personal for you .
Step away now and take a real good look at yourself , Josie , before you go any further . "
" I ' m doing the right thing .
I may be the only one who is .
Bottom line , Hannah deserves her day in court .
That 's the business we 're in . "
" I agree , just let her have that day with another attorney . "
A flush crept along Faye 's jaw line , and regret in her eyes , but she did n't back down .
" I hate all this , Faye , " Josie said .
" So do I , " she answered .
" Then hang in there with me .
Get back to where you were thirty years ago when you promised to be a lawyer , not just someone who steps in when Mr . Jones down the street gets a DUI . "
" That 's low , Josie .
I wo n't have you talk to me that way . "
" And I ' m hurt , " Josie answered .
" I 've got to believe there is a reason Linda came looking for me .
Maybe we 're supposed to help this girl just to prove our brains work and our hearts are n't all closed off .
Maybe you need to care about something since your husband died , and maybe I need to learn to live because I checked out of the real world three years ago .
Did you ever think of that ? "
" Do n't go there , Josie .
You do n't have any right to talk about Charlie .
As for you , I do n't know anything about you .
You 've been protecting yourself ever since you walked through my door .
All I did was give you a place to hide . "
" Then maybe that 's what I ' m supposed to find out .
Not just what kind of attorney I am but what kind of woman I am . "
There was a heartbeat of silence .
Josie took a deep breath .
" I ca n't go back to the office and pretend this does n't matter .
I need to take a leap of faith in Hannah 's innocence and my own worth .
I ' m asking you to stand with me , Faye . "
" And I ' m telling you I wo n't , " Faye answered without hesitation .
" Then do it for friendship . "
When Faye did n't answer , Josie nodded .
With a snap of her fingers she called Max from the corner , clipped his leash and said : " Screw you , Faye . "


CHAPTER 25 " A cold front is moving in . Expect temperatures in the sixties through Thursday . "
– Johnny Mountain , Channel 7 Weather There is an impressive vein of concrete that winds from the hills of Palos Verdes and ends in Malibu .
It ribbons through all the beach cities in between and plays host to anyone who is drawn to the ocean .
Josie and Max ambled down Hermosa 's portion of that mile - long bike path after they left Faye 's place .
A quarter of a mile from her own house , Josie stopped .
A guy on a fifteen hundred dollar bike whizzed by her , intent on breaking the land speed record to Malibu .
The smell of grilling onions filled the air .
Lunch was being served up at The Strand Café .
Four men with gorgeous bodies played volleyball with a vengeance , yet somehow unable to get their game into a rhythm .
Josie could have shown them how it was done , but even a pick up game would n't cure what ailed her .
An ancient woman in baby - blue warm - ups and rhinestone glasses held hands with a man in purple pants and a checked shirt .
Families walked together , dogs pulled their owners on roller skates , and no one minded that the weak sun left the water looking gray and uninviting – no one except Josie .
Faye had knocked the air out of Josie 's world , flattening it so there was no place to maneuver .
Behind her , Josie heard the scrape of skates and a chorus of giggles .
She pulled Max close as a group of teenage girls went by .
They had poured their overactive glands into swimsuits the size of postage stamps and laced their feet into roller blades as big as Nevada .
They were oblivious to the chill , unaware that the earth was out of kilter , but they looked damn cute with their Frankenstein feet , their big tits and tiny butts .
To her left was Archer 's building .
His very own .
It was purchased long ago when Lexi was alive and Archer thought he had the world on a string .
It was one of the original three - story apartment buildings that graced Hermosa Beach before the money came in and people who could afford to tear down a bit of California history did just that .
But this one still stood .
The paint on the wood framed windows was peeling .
Rust streaked from the metal balcony and spilled over the rose - colored stucco like mascara tears rolling down old rouged cheeks .
The salt air was a landlord 's bane , but there were flowers in the little bed , and tenants to Archer 's liking in each apartment .
Josie looked up .
She could just make out Archer 's camera pointed out to sea .
Hitching Max close , Josie climbed the stairs slowly letting the old dog rest at each landing .
At the top she did n't bother to knock .
" Archer ? "
Josie walked around a brown tweed sofa , wide enough for two to snooze comfortably on a lazy Sunday .
The back was dimpled with three giant buttons covered in the same fabric .
Josie 's mother had a coat with buttons that big when she was young and Josie was a baby .
She saw a picture once .
It was the only picture she could remember where her mother was dressed up .
Josie wondered about that coat .
It was too frumpy for the days of hip huggers and peasant blouses ; too old for someone so young and beautiful .
Archer 's papa - san chair was in one corner .
There was a La * Z * Boy and a low coffee table strewn with travel magazines .
She looked toward the balcony .
It was empty .
" Jo ? "
Archer stood in the bedroom , a towel around his waist another in his hands , ready to dry his hair .
" Hey . "
Josie stood her ground but let Max go .
Archer ruffled the dog 's ears and kept his eyes on Josie .
" What happened ? "
Archer pushed Max aside and took a few steps .
" Faye just booted me out , Archer .
I ' m on my own with Hannah . "
Archer wrapped the smaller towel around his neck .
Josie walked toward him .
He held out a hand and drew her close .
He was dewy from his shower ; water droplets were still nestled in the hair on his chest .
Josie put her head on his shoulder ; her arms were caught beneath his .
He had wrapped her up like a treasured possession .
" Want some help ? "
" Got any problems helping me prove Rayburn was one sick son of a bitch ? "
She asked forlornly .
" Not a one , Jo .
Not a one . "


CHAPTER 26 " Even if there 's an ounce of truth to what they 're saying about that judge , then that girl had a right to do what she did – if she did it .
Well ?
Need I say more ?
Ever hear of the movie The Burning Bed , for God 's sake ? "
– Talk radio / Inland Valley " So , like , here 's the question .
Did Governor Davidson know this guy was a sicko when he appointed him ?
If he did , then I ' m voting Republican .
Hey , what about the guy 's son ?
Maybe he 's a weirdo , too .
Politics .
Davidson can go pound sand . "
– Talk Radio / Sacramento " Hey , have you seen that chick ?
Sixteen ai n't sixteen anymore .
She probably loved it . "
– Talk radio / Hollywood " If they just would put prayer back in the schools . . . " –
Talk radio / San Diego Josie walked out of terminal three and dropped her duffle bag at her feet .
She dialed Archer 's cell .
He was where he said he would be : Starbucks just off Sepulveda , nursing a coffee , waiting for her call .
Ten minutes later he maneuvered around LAX and pulled his Hummer up to the curb .
Josie threw her bag in the back seat and settled herself in the front .
They met in the middle and kissed one another .
Archer checked his side mirror and was back in the flow of traffic before he heard the click of her seat belt .
He skipped the turnoff to Sepulveda south that would take them home , and instead rolled down Century Boulevard at a decent clip for that time of day .
" Where are we going ? "
Josie asked , disappointed she was n't headed home .
" Dinner . "
he answered .
" It 's three o' clock , " Josie pointed out .
" Yeah , well , it will take us awhile to get there . "
" Okay . "
She sighed and rolled down her window .
It had been bone - chilling cold in San Francisco .
Los Angeles was cloudy , but still warm enough for Josie to be comfortable in her shirtsleeves .
She cocked her elbow in the open window , and laid her left arm over the back of the bench seat .
" Hannah 's story checks out , " Josie said .
" I found Lyn Chandler .
The woman clerked for Rayburn for six months third year of law school .
Now she 's on the partnership track at Monikar & Finacker .
Smart lady .
Good looking .
Petite .
Light - skinned African - American . "
" Interesting , " Archer commented .
He changed lanes , moving the tank of a car through traffic like he was slaloming on razor - sharp skis .
" So , Lyn Chandler was working for Rayburn for three months when he puts his hand on her shoulder and squeezes hard .
You know , he hits that little nerve right here . "
Josie dropped her hand to the base of Archer 's neck for a second .
" She says she did n't think anything of it at first .
He 'd touched her before .
There was nothing sexual about it .
Usually the contact was brief and in context of him looking at her work .
But that time he hurt her .
She said something , but Rayburn made light of it .
Told her if she wanted to be a player she was going to have to toughen up .
That 's what the law is about . "
" Lay it on her .
Nice touch , " Archer muttered with a dispassionate approval .
He had a great appreciation for those who performed well , whether they be cop or criminal .
Josie adjusted her sunglasses as he stopped at a light .
The neighborhood had changed .
Warehouses and airport hangers gave way to one of those nondescript arteries that connected the vital parts of LA .
This one was peppered with small houses and smaller businesses .
Every window was barred , every flat surface graffitied .
The billboards were in Spanish .
Instead of touting sleeper seats to the Orient , they advertised family planning and beer .
Josie leaned her head back and closed her eyes , as if trying to remember the sequence of her interview .
Archer hit the gas , Josie picked up the story .
" It gets better .
Rayburn left an open knife in the top drawer of his desk .
Newly sharpened .
She had reached in that drawer a thousand times to get his calendar , but this time there 's a knife sticking out the side of the book .
She cut her hand and wanted to use his bathroom to get a towel to stop the bleeding , but Rayburn would n't let her .
He did n't offer to help , and suggested she use the bathroom down the hall for the clerks .
Rayburn let her clean up the blood in there , and told her she could see a doctor on her lunch hour if she thought the cut needed attention .
In his opinion though , it looked like a clean slice . "
" Nice of him . "
The Humvee slid forward as smoothly as Archer 's next question .
" How 'd he explain the knife ? "
" He did n't .
Lyn said he never explained anything .
Not when he dropped Blacks Law Dictionary on her hand .
Not when he grabbed her arm hard enough to leave a bruise .
He would just keep talking as if nothing had happened .
She said it was spooky .
At the end of the day she 'd always wonder if these things were accidents .
She wondered if she was nuts . "
" Sounds like he enjoyed the head games as much as he liked the physical stuff .
That 's why nobody ever caught on .
Rayburn had no nerves , I swear , " Archer said .
" What 's the upshot ? "
" I asked her to testify .
She said no .
The bastard was dead but there were just too many people who still thought Rayburn was God 's gift .
She figures it is in her best interest to have clerked for a respected justice for six months , than to be the one who levels accusations against him . "
Josie slid her arm off the back of the seat and opened her purse .
It had been dry in San Francisco .
Her skin felt tight but she did n't have any cream , nothing to soothe that feeling that she was going to crackle like old glass .
She flipped her bag shut .
" I could subpoena her , but she 'd put such a spin on her testimony it would end up looking like she was grateful to Rayburn for keeping her on her toes .
What did you pick up ? "
" Rayburn had two disciplinary actions against him when he was with the LAPD . "
" That was a lifetime ago . "
" Still of interest for our purposes .
Shows a pattern .
He picked on hookers .
One was beat up pretty good .
Cut and burned .
Another tripped , and Rayburn dislocated her shoulder and broke some teeth when he helped her up .
It 's ancient history .
Got it from a couple of retired cops .
They figured the hookers got what they deserved . "
" Any chance of finding those women ? "
Josie asked without much enthusiasm .
" Nope . "
Archer tapped the brakes .
A woman was trying to navigate a stroller and three small kids across the middle of the street even though a crosswalk was half a block away .
" But I got a good lead on something more current .
And this is where we find out if my source is any good . "
Archer drove another half block , made a sharp left , and cut off conversation with a pull of the emergency brake .
He sat for a second before getting out of the car .
Josie did the same and met him half way .
Leaning against the hood she pulled her shoulders back .
Josie tightened the muscles in her butt to work out the kinks from her flight , and used the time to get the lay of the land .
The strip mall had seen better days .
The parking lot needed to be resurfaced .
White stall lines had faded to perforation marks .
Vandals had scored the glass of the phone booth ; the phone itself was missing a receiver .
A liquor store anchored one end , a dry cleaner the other .
The liquor store did the better business .
In between were a pet store that specialized in snakes , a Japanese Anime video shop , and Marguerite 's – tamales , burritos , and check cashing .
" Rosa Cortanza is who we 're looking for . "
Archer took a few steps toward Marguerite 's and opened the door .
" Come on .
I 'll buy you a taco and wo n't even put it on my expense account . "
Josie pushed off her perch and took him up on his offer .
She walked into a place that was just like a little slice of heaven .
In Los Angeles there are restaurants that served Mexican food , and Mexican restaurants .
This was the latter , the real deal : fresh salsa , tortillas made by hand , meat roasted until it fell off the bone , shells deep - fried in lard .
Dark , rich mole .
Carne asada .
Chilis .
Frijoles .
Marguerite 's restaurants wore those smells like a coat of wet paint but it was empty except for a young woman sitting at one of the tables flipping through a magazine .
Her black hair was short at the crown and waved long at the nape of her neck .
Razor cut bangs fell over eyes outlined in kohl , and shaded in gray .
Her nails were long and purple .
Rhinestones winked from the tip of each one .
Her jeans were tight ; her shirt was big and loose .
The sleeves were rolled up just enough that Josie could see that the tattoo on her forearm was homemade .
She closed the magazine when Josie and Archer took a table by the wall .
A picture of Our Lady of Guadalupe blessed their choice .
A red neon Coors sign hung along side like the Virgin 's nightlight .
The woman came at them with a basket of chips and a tub of salsa .
She slapped both on the table .
From under her arm she whipped out two menus featuring a matador and bull on the front .
The matador was poised on his toes , his cape a flourish at his feet , his body angled forward as he stabbed the bull with a massive sword .
It was an appetizing image .
" Rosa Cortanza ? "
Josie asked the minute the woman disappeared .
" Fits the description , " he answered as his eyes ran down the menu .
He closed it , set it aside and dug into the salsa .
" Wish I had my camera .
I like her look . "
Rosa was back .
They ordered : number 8 combo with enchiladas , tacos and tamales , beans , rice and a side of corn tortillas for Archer , two tacos for Josie .
The waitress did n't say a word as she took their order , and their menus .
Far from surly , she was n't exactly worried about their dining pleasure either .
Rosa Cortanza brought Archer 's combination on a platter and Josie 's tacos on a small plate .
It took them seventeen minutes to eat and they waited on Rosa five more before the check arrived .
They were still the only ones in the place .
Josie checked out Rosa , letting her mind linger on the woman a little longer each time she came to the table .
Rosa was a young woman who had nowhere to go and nothing much to do .
She kept body and soul together , pampering the body with fake nails and makeup while ignoring the soul .
Maybe she had a kid waiting at home .
Maybe she lived in a two - bedroom house with a dozen family members .
Maybe she had a man .
It was a no - brainer she 'd hung with the gangs ; all Josie had to do was look at her tattoos to know that .
What was n't so easily divined was whether or not Rosa would want to talk to them – much less to a jury – or whether a jury would give credence to anything she said .
Rosa put the check down with the same flair she had delivered the salsa .
Archer held up a twenty .
She reached for it .
They were both holding onto the greenback when he said : " I wonder if we could talk to you about Fritz Rayburn . "
The bill quivered , pulled taut between her and Archer .
Rosa 's eyes narrowed for a split second , and then she laughed .
It was the sweetest sound .
Rosa whipped the bill out of Archer 's fingers and laughed all the way to the register .
When she came back with the change she brought a chair with her .
Rosa put the change on the table and straddled the chair .
Resting her arms on the high back , Rosa Cortanza looked at the both of them and said : " What the hell .
Let 's talk . "


CHAPTER 27 " My mom 's husband was gone , so when the job came at the Rayburn house she grabbed it .
Worked like a slave , but what was she going to do ?
She had me and my brother to feed , put clothes on us .
My brother , he was older than me .
I was ten .
Hell , I thought I 'd died and gone to heaven living in that big house . "
Rosa snorted at her ridiculous fantasy .
She unrolled the fingers of one hand , poking holes in the sky with her rhinestone tipped nails .
" Why is it poor people are so friggin ' stupid , huh ?
We think if we live between the walls and climb under those pretty white sheets in our little rooms in the back that we 've made it to the big time .
We 're so damn grateful .
I hate that shit .
I look back , and I ca n't believe we ever fell for all his crap . "
" Do you mind if we start at the beginning before we get to the crap part , Rosa ? "
Josie tossed back the drink their hostess had offered when it was clear they were going to be at this for a while .
Rosa had locked the door and flipped the open sign around .
Marguerite 's was closed .
Not that anyone , as Rosa pointed out , would really care .
The place was about to go belly up and she was just sticking around because that 's what she did .
She stuck around people and places and things until they broke down on her , shit on her , or just went away .
Josie could get behind that .
When Rosa brought out the shot glasses , the salt , the limes , and the tequila , Josie was proud to drink with her .
She saluted Rosa on the first two shots .
They both sucked the salt from their hands , their dark heads tipping back , their long throats opening up to let the burning liquor slide down into their bellies .
They sucked on the lime to cool their lips and Rosa refilled the tiny glasses .
Josie nodded her thanks but kept this one in front of her , fingers lightly on the sides of the shot glass .
Her eyes were trained on Rosa as she did her math .
Rosa was twenty , maybe twenty - two at most but she seemed older by at least a decade .
It was in the way she sat talking with them so casually , the way she drank so indifferently , and the way she let them know in the smallest ways that she was never relaxed enough not to be on her guard .
" Okay .
You got the time ; I 'll give you the whole story . "
She shot her liquor and pushed away the glass .
Rosa spread her fingers to check out her nails .
They were an expensive set , but she was n't admiring her manicurist 's handiwork .
Rosa Cortanza was either thinking how far she 'd come , or trying hard to remember way far back .
She gave her head a little jerk , one of those very nifty gestures that street kids seemed to learn before they can walk .
She wondered where Rosa had picked it up .
Not living at Fritz Rayburn 's house as the maid 's kid .
" I was born here , in the U.S .
My parents were wetbacks .
I have a brother in Mexico somewhere .
He went back home one Christmas before we started living at the Rayburn place .
He could n't get back into this country .
My mom always meant to send money to get him but it never worked out .
There was a sister after me .
She died when she was little .
Needed a heart or something .
She died and then a little while later my brother went back to Mexico .
My mother starts getting weird .
She figures she 's a failure because I was the only one left .
You know all that shit about children being blessings from God .
My mom really believed it .
She figured she was cursed because she could n't take care of her blessings .
So that woman loved me to death .
Like if she could n't take care of me it meant that God was pissed at her and she 'd go to hell . "
" That 's a lot to lay on a kid , " Archer muttered .
" Tell me , " Rosa laughed .
" When my dad left for a better piece of ass I was really in for a treat .
You 'd think I 'd been the Virgin birth .
God was telling my mother that she had one more chance to get into heaven .
Hey , either of you smoke ? "
Archer and Josie shook their heads .
Rosa shrugged .
She was used to not getting what she asked for .
" It 's okay .
So , anyway , my mom could n't keep the apartment without my dad 's paycheck .
She was cleaning houses .
Forty bucks a pop .
I used to think we were rich because she kept all that cash in a little box .
I did n't know that 's all we had .
Most of it was ones and fives so it just looked like a lot of bucks . "
Her nails clicked against the chair back .
" Hey , does n't matter .
Anyway , somehow she finds out about the job at the Rayburn place .
It was a live - in gig .
No more rent .
I 'd get to go to the Palisades ' schools .
God had dropped a damn plum in her lap .
She spent all night on her knees giving thanks when she got that job . "
The door rattled .
Two men in work clothes were hungry .
Rosa turned around to look , but ignored them .
When they would n't give up she yelled at them in Spanish in a tone that did n't sound like she was too concerned about losing their business .
" Was Rayburn living in the house fulltime ? "
Archer wanted to know .
" The old judge ?
Well , I guess he was n't so old , but he seemed that way to me .
Old and kindly . "
Rosa chuckled wryly .
" But what did I know ?
I was a kid .
Anyway , yeah , it was the old man and the son living there . "
" And life was n't so good ? "
Josie asked .
" For a while it was .
I went to school and I came home on the bus .
It was a hike back to the house because the bus did n't go on that street .
Palisades did n't like their streets mucked up with buses .
So that brings us to the good stuff .
The old man kind of came and went .
He was traveling a lot . "
Rosa 's chin fell onto her crossed arms .
There was a tear tattooed next to her right eye .
She 'd lost at least one homeboy .
There were probably a hundred thousand tears tattooed on her soul if she was anything like Hannah .
" It was raining one day when I got off the bus .
Rayburn pulls into the neighborhood at the same time .
I do n't know if it was planned or if it was just fate .
You know .
Whatever , he was there .
He picked me up and took me home .
Man , he was something .
Big car .
Big house .
A judge .
I was safe in Rayburn 's house .
Nobody messed with me . "
Rosa snorted a laugh .
" What an idiot I was .
" The guy was sick .
It started out with little stuff .
You know .
A pinch .
A push .
I had a splinter .
He used a pocketknife to get it out .
But it was the rainy day when I knew I was in big trouble .
He picked me up when I was half way back to the house .
I was all wet .
Rayburn took me inside .
Took me up to his private bathroom and dried me off .
Told me he wanted to help out my mom because she worked so hard .
We would surprise her and get me all cleaned up .
" Rayburn got a towel .
He dried me off .
My shoulders .
My legs .
Nothing weird about it .
Then he got another towel and he started drying my hair .
You know how you do ? "
Rosa lifted her chin and checked out her audience to make sure they were attentive .
She put her hands up and pantomimed .
" He threw the towel over my head and started to rub , but it was really hard .
I guess I hollered or pulled away or something .
He stopped .
He kept the towel over my head for a minute then dragged it real slow off of me .
I looked up and could see him in the mirror .
I 'll never forget the way he looked at me . "
Rosa 's expression changed .
Her features snapped tight , muscle - by - muscle , like shutters in a house closing against a big wind .
" He was thinking real hard , like he was looking for something he could n't find .
You know how something changes and you ca n't put your finger on it ?
That 's what happened to him .
He sort of melted .
I do n't know how to explain it .
His eyes were n't nice anymore .
They were dead .
His face kind of lost all its muscles .
His skin was hanging off his cheekbones .
It was like some kind of horror movie .
There was something wrong . "
Rosa lapsed into silence .
It lasted just long enough for her to be in that room again , looking up at Fritz Rayburn with her big , dark , innocent eyes .
When she started again Rosa talked slow , her voice was sad .
" So , anyway , he 's mad .
He tells me he did n't hurt me .
So I figure I ' m an ungrateful little slut and better get out because I do n't know how to take a favor nicely .
But he grabs my arm when I try to leave .
Rayburn says you have to finish what you start .
You always have to do that .
So I figure , okay .
I mean , who am I to say no to him ?
I ' m standing there in this big marble bathroom .
I ' m in all these mirrors and he 's in all these mirrors .
I look like a rat and he 's dressed in a really nice gray suit and a shiny blue tie .
His shirt was really white .
My mother ironed those shirts .
She starched the heck out of them and they could stand up by themselves when she was done .
He looked perfect and I looked like what I was – a piece of shit . "
Rosa breathed deep .
She looked at Archer then spoke to Josie .
" So I ' m looking at him in the mirror .
He walks around me , standing kind of in front of me but facing the mirror .
I ' m like this little soldier standing really straight with my arms down by my sides .
I remember shaking but thinking I better not let him see that I ' m shaking or he 'll get mad .
He picks up the blow dryer and holds it near him .
I remember thinking it looked like he was loading a gun .
He held it down at his middle and checked it out , looked at the settings .
Finally he turns around and points the thing at me .
Not at my hair but at my face .
He does n't turn it on , just points it at me then he walks real slow until he 's standing right behind me .
The thing was always pointing at my head like he was holding me hostage .
" He looks at us in the mirror .
He put one hand on the side of my head , the hair dryer is pointing at the other side of my head .
He pushes my hair to the side so that my neck is bare .
It was cold there because my wet hair had been all stuck against my skin .
" Rayburn puts the blow dryer in his other hand so the cord is around my neck . "
Rosa 's hands were going through the motions .
" I put my hands up , you know , to push the cord over my head .
He told me to leave it .
He said it real quiet , just like he 's telling me to go back to sleep .
So I did n't touch the cord even though I could feel it pulling against my throat .
I was shaking , man .
Nothing bad had ever happened to me before , but I knew something bad was happening right then . "
Rosa smiled wryly as if having some sick appreciation for the moment now that she could look back on it .
" But he was so smooth .
It was so slow .
Rayburn turned on the dryer .
He turned it on hot .
First he put it so that my hair blew out around my face .
He ran his fingers through it .
His fingers got caught in the tangles .
He yanked through them and tears were coming to my eyes because it hurt so much .
Once I could see that a whole bunch of hair came out when he pulled .
I think he could feel me shaking because the side of his body was touching my back .
He smiled a little .
Just a little bit .
Then he started drying the hair down here , at the neck .
It was getting hot .
I moved my head .
It hurt so bad . He . . . . "
Rosa put a hand over her mouth .
Then she reached over and pushed her shot glass to the middle of the table .
Archer poured .
Rosa drank it fast , not bothering with the salt or the lime .
" Shit , I have n't thought about this for a long time , " she muttered .
" So , okay .
Rayburn takes his free hand and he holds my head and he puts that damned hair dryer on my neck .
Right on it .
Man , I could smell my skin burning and then I screamed .
That bastard kept it on me like a second more and then he takes it away .
It burned me bad .
I ' m telling you , it was like a hot iron " Rosa lifted the back of her hair and turned so that Archer and Josie could see the raised white scar just behind her ear .
" That bastard branded me . "
They sat in silence .
Archer and Josie watching ; Rosa with her head down , her lashes lowered .
Finally she looked at them again , tears in her eyes .
She wiped them hard ; she was ashamed they were there .
" Then ? "
Josie asked .
" Then he was normal again .
He told me that the burn looked bad .
He knew I would n't want to bother my mother so I should stop crying .
Then he said did n't I feel better now that I was all dry , and did n't I love the rain . "
" And that was it ? "
Josie pushed , wanting every damning detail .
" No .
He gave me a tube of something .
Told me it would help with the pain where I accidentally got burned .
Man , that was the weirdest part , you know .
To do something like that and then pretend like it was an accident .
I 'll never forget it .
Never . "
The afternoon came and went , the dark descending early now .
Rosa got up a couple of times .
She turned on the lights including the Coors sign hanging near the picture of the Virgin Mary .
She told her stories as she put the frijoles over a low flame .
Josie helped set out the silverware for the customers Rosa said would come after they got off work in the factories , and the airport , and made their way home to tiny houses and dilapidated apartments .
Rosa talked about a reign of terror that lasted until she was fourteen .
Rayburn came at her when she least expected it .
She stayed at school as late as she could .
She dodged her mother 's questions , endured her mother 's laments that she was going bad because she stayed away from home , because she stopped going to church .
God was going to send Rosa 's mother to hell because she had failed the jobs of a woman – wife and mother .
" I got so damned sick of hearing all that crap . "
" But you never said anything . "
Josie spoke quietly as she centered the fork and knife on a small table .
Rosa leaned over to arrange the salt and pepper at the same time .
They did n't look at one another .
Rosa said : " He would have sent my mother away .
She would have been deported .
You can deal with a lot when your mother 's there , you know ?
I was protecting her .
I was brave for her .
I wanted my mom to go to heaven . "
Josie flinched .
Rosa saw it .
They had something in common after all , the lawyer and the woman who served beer and beans .
Rosa whispered .
" Yeah , you know . "
Josie stood back .
She said : " It did n't go on forever .
You survived .
Did Rayburn lose interest ? "
Rosa shook her head .
" He never lost interest .
He hurt me wherever he found me alone .
The principal told me I was a lucky girl that such a great man took an interest in me .
Mostly he talked .
He told me what he was planning .
He whispered it because he liked the fear .
Naw , he loved the fear .
Then one day he did the worst . "
Rosa was having trouble talking .
She paled .
Those black - rimmed eyes darkened until they looked like holes .
Josie could almost reach through them and touch the pain that had left Rosa 's body and lived in her brain .
" Rosa , " Josie said quietly .
Archer picked up the bottle on the table .
He lifted it her way .
Rosa put out her hand as if to say it did n't really help .
" It was just before Christmas .
The INS came .
Rayburn told me later he had my mother deported .
They did n't take me because I was a citizen .
Great country , huh ? "
" What happened to your mom ? "
Archer asked .
" I do n't know . "
Rosa smiled weakly , as though she had lost emotional blood and desperately needed a transfusion .
" She never came back for me .
Hell , she probably figured I was going to be well taken care of . "
" What did you do then ? "
Archer was still leaning in the corner of the booth , one leg half up , one arm on the table .
She gave Archer a small smile with her answer .
" I went to a friend 's house that night .
There were n't many Latinas in Palisades High School .
We stuck together .
When my friend 's parents tossed me out , I found myself some new friends on the street .
" When the governor appointed Rayburn , I laughed so hard .
I remember because I was in jail for assaulting a guy who tried to do me when I did n't want it .
I nearly killed the dude .
I guess it was just a delayed reaction , you know .
He hurt me .
I hurt back this time .
I get popped , and he walks .
So when I see a guy like Rayburn getting in charge of the law I figure everyone 's screwed .
I felt safe locked up and I was there long enough to get my GED .
I had a teacher who cared .
She made sure I knew how to talk right in case I wanted to get a real job when I got out . "
Rosa filled the last saltshaker , screwed on the top and took care to center it just so with the pepper .
Her fingers lingered on the cheap glass .
" I think my mom 's dead .
I just have that feeling .
But you know what ? "
She did n't bother to look at Archer or Josie .
" I think she 's in heaven .
She did n't know about Rayburn .
She did her best . "
They did n't have long to consider the state of Rosa 's mother 's soul .
Rosa had unlocked the door and now it opened .
A mean looking man came in holding a tiny baby in his arms .
A woman with beautiful long black hair followed .
They sat in the far corner , probably tagging Archer for a cop . Rosa did her thing .
Salsa and chips slammed on the table , menus handed out .
Water glasses filled .
No ice .
She made her rounds and ended up back with Josie and Archer .
She swiped the bottle of tequila off the table .
" Not like it has n't been fun , but it is rush hour , " she said flatly .
Josie put her hand out .
She took hold of Rosa 's sleeve .
" Would you testify for us ?
My client is sixteen .
Rayburn did her , too . "
" Yeah , I know .
I read the papers .
I 've got nothing to lose , but I do n't think it 's a good call .
The prosecutor will pull my record . "
" But you wo n't say no ? "
Josie asked .
Rosa shook her head , " Naw .
I 'll even wear a dress if you want .
You know , cover up . "
She shook back her sleeves and showed her tattoos .
" Thanks . "
Josie held out her card .
Rosa looked at it .
Finally she took it .
" If you think of anything else , you call me .
Okay ? "
" I have a feeling I 'll be thinking of a lot about Rayburn . "
Archer left a big tip .
Josie shook Rosa 's hand .
Archer had the door open ; Rosa was taking the big man 's order .
Josie was about to leave when she remembered something .
When Rosa went back to the kitchen , Josie followed .
Rosa was tossing peppers and onions into a hot pan .
She looked over her shoulder .
Josie stepped to the side .
It was hot in the little kitchen .
" Rosa , you never really talked about Kip Rayburn .
He was living in the house , right ? "
She shrugged , " If you call it that .
I doubt he 's ever lived . "
" But he was in the house so did n't he know what his father was doing to you ? "
She threw a handful of shredded chicken into the pan then reached for a huge jar of cumin .
" He did n't pay attention .
I could have been the dog for all he knew .
I stayed out of his way and he stayed out of his father 's way much as he could .
Those two were a mess , " she said as she stirred the peppers .
" If the old man liked it , Kip hated it .
If Kip loved it , the old man hated it .
It did n't matter what it was .
Me , a piece of meat , the color of the wallpaper , " she shrugged .
" The only difference between those two was that Kip just hated what his father loved .
The old man destroyed whatever his son loved . "
Rosa heaped the chicken and peppers onto tortillas , folded them and doused them with green sauce .
She looked at Josie and gave her a lopsided grin .
" It 's a good thing Kip did n't love me , huh ? "


CHAPTER 28 It was dark , not late , when Archer pulled up to Josie 's place .
Josie 's head was back , her eyes closed .
It looked like she was asleep , but she was thinking about Rayburn 's M.O .
His preference was clear .
Dependent girls .
Women of color .
Young .
Each of them accepting Fritz as just a scummy part of life .
All of them had a lot to lose : mothers , careers .
All of them assumed they could n't fight back .
All except Hannah who was just that much more flawed than the rest , and that made her even less believable .
" We 're home , Jo . "
Archer said .
" Thanks , babe , " Josie whispered .
" We did good today . "
Archer took Josie 's duffle out of the back .
" You coming in ? "
she asked .
" Am I still on the clock ? "
Josie shrugged .
" What if I said no ? "
" Then I ' m coming in . " Archer carried her bag , one arm slung over her shoulder .
Josie picked up the mail , opened the door , and flipped on a light .
Max ambled out of the back room .
Archer petted him and let him out into the backyard , leaving the French doors open .
Josie filled his dish with food , replaced the dog 's water .
It was good to be home .
She put the coffee on .
Archer had wandered into the dining room and was looking at her mother 's plates .
" I like these . "
He pointed to the wall .
" You say that every time you look at them , " Josie laughed .
Josie liked them , too .
Her mother 's hula girl plates were her prized possession , two intact and one broken .
Years ago Josie 's father had dropped the plate while packing away Emily 's things .
When he was asleep , Josie opened the packing boxes and took the two plates .
She retrieved the broken one from the trashcan and hid all three in her room .
They were the first things Josie hung in her home .
She could still see the crack that dissected one of the hula girls .
Josie once thought she kept those kitschy plates because one day her mother would come back and be grateful .
Now Josie knew she kept them to remind her that broken things can be mended , but there is always a scar .
Archer moseyed toward the living room ; Max wandered back in .
All was right with the world for now .
Josie poured two cups of coffee , handing one off as she passed Archer .
" What are you going to do , Jo ? "
Archer asked .
" I ' m thinking about breaking this down into two phases .
First one is the assault on Rayburn .
I 'd put Rosa on the stand in a heartbeat .
She 's sympathetic .
Rudy wo n't break her down .
I 'd like to find someone else who would corroborate in court . "
Josie took a drink , staring at the floor while she thought .
" On the arson , I ' m going to go with the doctors .
Hannah could n't have burned her studio .
The defense is clear , and understandable , if I break it down that way . "
" That jury is going to want another option on the arson . "
" Then we go after Kip .
He 's the likely option .
Something Rosa said puts me in the right frame of mind to look more closely at him .
He 's not the passive fool I thought he was .
He proved it in court .
There 's a lot of anger there .
I want to know what Kip and his father fought about .
If it was Linda , Hannah , or business like he said . "
Josie 's words trailed off as she noticed the blinking light on her answering machine .
She pressed play out of habit and took a minute to collect her thoughts .
The first message was Ian Frank 's secretary .
Yes , Mr . Frank would meet with Josie in the morning , nine sharp .
" Want me to go with you ? "
Archer asked .
" Might be good to have someone else listen in on what Rayburn 's old partner has to say . "
" No .
I 'll see him on my own .
You check out . . . "
The machine was talking again .
It was Hannah asking if Josie was okay .
Counting .
Counting softly but Josie could hear it .
Asking Josie to call when she could .
Then something muffled .
The phone clattered and the line went dead .
Josie stopped the machine and picked up the phone .
She dialed the Malibu house .
" She does n't sound good , " Archer muttered and then fell silent .
" Nothing ? "
Josie shook her head .
She disconnected .
Archer checked his watch , " She 's probably on her walk . "
" Probably , " she mumbled but Josie was unsettled .
Josie punched the answering machine again hoping the next message was Hannah calling back , surprised to find it was Linda .
She had tired of waiting at the house and was at Borelli 's restaurant .
She wanted to see Josie .
Please .
" Please ? "
Archer looked surprised .
" Please , " Josie reiterated with a grin .
" Want me to go with you , Jo ? "
" Sure . "
Josie disappeared into the bedroom .
She tossed her duffle on the bed and came back to the living room with her leather jacket on .
" I guess Hannah must be with her . "
" Suppose so , " Archer answered as they parted on the doorstep .
Josie wanted to walk and clear the tequila out of her head .
Archer garaged the Hummer .
They met at Borrelli 's front door within a minute of each other .
Linda was waiting in the bar at a table for two , dressed all in black from the tips of her Italian boots to the last coat of mascara on her lashes .
She started to smile when she saw Josie but lost it when she figured out the man who opened the door was part of the package .
" Linda ? "
Josie greeted her .
" Who 's this ? "
Linda eyed Archer .
" Archer .
Linda Rayburn .
He 's working with me on Hannah 's case . "
Linda nodded .
Archer checked her out then made his excuses .
He would wait at the bar ; the two women would talk .
" Do you want something ? "
Linda lifted her cocktail when they were alone .
" Yeah .
I 'd like to know where Hannah is . "
Josie took a seat .
" She 's at home , " Linda said , peeved that she was n't directing the conversation .
" I meant did you want something to drink ? "
" No , thanks and I ' m not sure Hannah is at home .
I just called .
There was no answer . "
Linda waved away the concern .
" She 's probably out doing her walking thing .
You know how it goes .
Couple times around the house .
Some weird dancing on the sand .
Back in the house .
Back outside again .
I would n't worry about it . "
Josie took a deep breath .
She put her elbows on the table and raised her hands , clasping them under her chin .
" But I do worry , Linda .
If you 're not with Hannah , and I ca n't reach her , you are defying a court order .
Judge Norris did n't say to take Hannah home and lock her in .
He said that you were supposed to supervise her . "
" He did n't mean twenty - four hours a day . "
Linda complained .
" Yes , he did . "
" Well , that 's ridiculous .
She 's in the middle of nowhere without a car .
You know , there are things I absolutely have to do and that 's just the way it is . "
" Like what ?
Sneaking out to see your husband ? "
Linda stiffened and grabbed her glass .
She drank deep and then hesitated .
Slowly the glass came down .
She put it on the table and kept her eyes on it for a minute as if suddenly realizing it was n't the answer to anything .
" No .
Like walking away to see a friend , " Linda said quietly .
" Christ , Linda , " Josie breathed .
" No .
I mean it .
Do n't sound like that .
This is n't some kind of game , " Linda insisted , uncomfortable with her confession .
" Look , I do n't know about you but not a lot has changed since college .
We were never very good at making friends . "
" I was too busy studying , " Josie reminded her .
" I was too busy chasing after the next guy , " Linda said .
" Now I ' m alone .
I 've never been alone before .
Kip has n't called .
He wo n't come to see me .
All the women I used to know are steering clear until they see how this plays out .
Jesus , Josie , I ' m not made of stone .
I needed someone to talk to . "
" It 's not like you to feel sorry for yourself , " Josie said .
" I ' m not .
I ' m lonely , Josie , and I 've been that way for a long time . "
" Then just imagine how Hannah feels . "
Linda sighed and closed her eyes ; her free hand went to her forehead .
" I 've spent a lifetime imagining how Hannah feels . "
The hand came down .
Linda looked bleary eyed and sad , but Josie imagined it was the liquor .
This may be the first time she had ever seen Linda Rayburn drunk .
" Do n't you think I know exactly what kind of mother I 've been ?
I was too young to have a baby and I made Hannah grow up too fast .
Maybe I thought she was going to be my built in friend .
I did n't know how to be a mother .
You were the smart one .
You never had a kid .
Women like us should n't have children . "
The glass was up again .
Josie watched her drink , unsure of what to say .
She had been ready for a fight , ready to defend her strategy .
She was off her stride now that Linda had asked for her friendship .
" You want to know something ? "
Linda leaned across the table .
" I thought raising Hannah was about feeding her and putting clothes on her back until she was eighteen .
But it 's more than that .
It was n't until this happened that I realized I really loved my girl .
I really , really do and that 's the real hard part . "
" Then why are you fighting to sell her out , Linda ? "
Josie interrupted .
" Why are you taking chances with her freedom now ?
You 're not stupid .
You know Norris wanted you with Hannah twenty - four seven .
Do you want her to go back in prison ? "
" Who 's going to tell Norris that I took a little R & R ?
You ?
I do n't think so . "
Linda sighed .
" See , that is the funny thing .
You like Hannah better than you like me , so you 're willing to protect her more than me .
That 's not right .
You were my friend first .
Maybe I need you now . "
" Do n't do that , Linda .
Do n't use people , especially not Hannah , " Josie said wearily .
" It is n't about who I like or do n't like , it 's about the rules . "
" I ' m tired of rules , " Linda cried , her eyes filling up again .
" You do n't know what it 's been like .
Every time I try to play by rules I get smashed into the ground .
You know , I really loved Hannah 's father and I tried to be good for him .
Where did it get me ?
Beaten up and kicked around .
So then I started sleeping around and having some fun and you know what it got me ?
Good times , nice things , money , beaten up , and kicked around .
Then I met Kip and you know what that got me ?
Every damn thing I ever wanted : someone who needed me , nice things , and a good home for me and my kid .
He loved me back .
He needed me . "
Linda motioned for another drink .
The bartender nodded .
Josie caught Archer 's eye for an instant , and Josie knew how lucky she was .
They were silent as Linda was served , the empty glass taken away .
Linda held onto it .
" Now it 's all going away .
Kip does n't live with me .
The Governor is n't sure if he wants to appoint him to the bench .
You 're running around trying to prove Fritz was a sick son of a bitch .
And he was .
I do n't doubt he was .
But Jesus , Josie , it 's over .
He 's dead .
He 's dead and everything was going to be okay until you did that to Kip .
God , Josie , do n't you see .
What you do to him , or to Hannah , you do to me .
I thought we were friends .
I really need you to be my friend . "
" I am your friend .
I ' m trying to save your daughter . "
" How ?
By sacrificing my husband ? "
" If that 's what it takes .
If that 's where the truth is . "
" You do n't care what the truth is . "
Linda 's fist pounded lightly on the table .
The little candle flickered and jumped .
" You just want to prove you can get Hannah off the way you got that other woman off .
You did n't care what the truth was then either . "
Linda turned her head but Archer was right there , boxing her in .
She did n't like the direct hit of his gaze so she swung her head back in time to see a shadow cross Josie 's face .
Linda picked up her cigarettes and tapped one out .
She tried her lighter but it would n't catch .
Opening her purse she pulled out a box of matches .
The flame flared , illuminating the middle of her face .
She blew out the flame , tossed the match into the ashtray and pulled in the smoke hard , letting it out at her leisure .
Her head was back , her hair hung past her shoulders .
The smoke wafted toward the ceiling .
She watched the smoke , Josie watched her .
It was illegal to smoke in a restaurant in Los Angeles County .
No one stopped her .
No one ever stopped a beautiful woman from doing anything .
" You 're not sure about Hannah , are you ? "
Linda chuckled , but it was an ugly sound .
" Oh , God , all this time I ' m thinking I ' m a little off here , but it 's you .
You started something you 're going to finish , no matter who you hurt , and still you 're not sure that Hannah did n't do it . "
" Do n't be ridiculous . "
" No , no , " Linda insisted , pushing across the table , her cigarette held high .
" You 've been thinking what I 've been thinking .
What if you 're wrong about Hannah and she 's like that woman you got off .
The one who killed her kids after you defended her . "
" This is nothing like that .
Nothing , " Josie insisted .
Linda ground out her cigarette .
" Maybe it is .
Maybe Hannah 's got you fooled the same way that lady did .
Maybe you 're going to screw up Kip 's life and mine and send Hannah home and . . . "
Josie got up .
Her chair toppled .
She reached back to get it .
Linda 's eyes narrowed .
Her jaw tightened .
She grabbed for Josie .
Her face tipped up , her long neck looked like alabaster in the dim light , her eyes like jewels .
" For once in your life , think about other people instead of what you want . "
" No one else matters but Hannah , " Josie said in a whisper .
" Why is n't that crystal clear to you ? "
" Because life is more complicated than that , and you know it better than anyone . "
Linda pushed her case , her fingers digging into Josie 's arm .
Linda was a strong woman .
" You had tunnel vision with that Davis woman , too .
That woman was n't what she said she was .
You got her off , and then she turned around and killed her children .
I saw some pictures .
Those children looked like sleeping angels , did n't they ?
All covered up with white sheets , their arms crossed over their chests .
Their hair so light against the pillows " Josie yanked away but Linda spoke in a frantic whisper .
Her voice mesmerized Josie .
" And when they pulled those sheets back those little children had no bodies , did they Josie ?
Their mother had slit them open and taken everything out just to see if she could .
No other reason . "
" I do n't need to hear this .
It has nothing to do with Hannah , " Josie shot back .
" It has everything to do with Hannah , and me , and Kip , " Linda growled , half rising .
" Only this time it could be the daughter doing it to the mother .
That woman used a knife to do her dirty work .
Hannah lit a fire .
In the end it 's all the same , though , is n't it ?
People die horrible , gruesome deaths because there are horribly , sick people out there who are n't held accountable . "
Josie was listening but all she could see was Linda 's lips curling around words she could n't understand .
" I guess what I want to know is why have n't you learned anything , Josie ?
Why do n't you err on the side of caution ?
Do you want to see me like Fritz ?
Do you want to see my legs burned black and know my lungs were seared . . . "
" It would never happen . "
Josie straightened .
She could feel Archer watching her , ready to come to her rescue .
But who could rescue her from memories , possibilities , and visions ?
" Do n't ruin me , Josie .
Do n't ruin my family .
Do n't make a mistake that might harm all of us .
Send Hannah where she belongs .
Get her help , Josie .
Help me . "
Josie closed her eyes , trying to banish the thought that Linda could be right .
Her knees were weak , her breathing shallow .
Maybe it was n't Hannah who needed defending , but those around her .
Josie opened her eyes , suddenly exhausted .
Her lips parted but no sound came out .
Linda , was looking at her , purse in hand , ready to leave , but needing to share one last thought .
" None of us really knows what the right thing to do is , Josie .
I just came here tonight because I needed a friend .
I guess I did n't find one .
If you get Hannah off you 're playing with my life .
If you keep pointing at Kip you 're playing with his , and still you do n't know if Hannah is really innocent .
Could you live with yourself if you bet wrong twice , and you were responsible for letting another killer go ? "
" This is n't the same , Linda .
This is n't the same at all . "
Josie put her fingertips to her temple .
Her head hurt .
It was the tequila .
Or maybe it was the worry over Hannah .
No , it was Linda .
Linda was conjuring up ghosts that did more than haunt Josie .
They feasted on her heart and soul ; they made her question her motives and her judgment .
" Sure it 's the same , " Linda whispered urgently .
" Maybe you ca n't see it , but I can because I ' m the one that has to sleep in that house and now I ' m alone there with Hannah .
I have to wonder every night when I go to bed if I ' m going to wake up .
I ' m scared , Josie .
I ' m not asking you to throw the trial .
I ' m not asking you to forgive my mistakes as a mother , but I should n't have to wonder if I ' m going to die because of them . "
" Stop it , Linda . "
Josie dropped her hand .
She was n't going to be seduced by this woman 's speculations or threats .
" You 're not afraid of anything .
You never have been . "
" Okay , Josie . "
Linda was resigned .
" Think what you want .
If anything happens , you wo n't have anyone to blame but yourself .
And when it does , you wo n't have anyone to live with but yourself .
Maybe that 's the saddest thing of all . "
Linda left Josie standing alone at the table .
Archer pulled out her chair .
She sat down .
" Take a minute , Jo . "
He slid into the chair Linda had just left .
" She does n't leave it very warm . "
Josie 's eyes flickered up and then away .
Finally she leveled her gaze and looked right into Archer 's eyes .
" Could I be wrong about Hannah ? "
she asked .
" Yeah .
You could be . "
" Do you think I am ? "
He shook his head .
" Rayburn hurt her bad .
Maybe she snapped .
I do n't know .
I guess it 's a matter of faith . "
" I do n't have any of that , Archer . "
" It 's okay .
I do , " he answered .
He reached in his own pocket , pulled out a couple of bills and put them in the little black folder the bartender had left .
Taking a deep breath , Josie reached for her phone .
She dialed Hannah once more .
Once again the phone rang and rang .
" I 've got to go home , Archer . "
" She 's still not answering ? "
Josie shook her head .
" Do n't worry about it , babe .
Her mom will be home soon enough .
If there 's something wrong , she 'll call .
She 's not that stupid . "
Josie got up .
Archer did the same .
Josie was half way to the door when Archer called to her .
She looked back .
He reached to the floor and ambled over to her .
" I 've got a present .
Linda Rayburn left it . "
Archer lifted her hand , put something inside and closed her fingers over it .
When Josie opened it she found a box of matches that had come from Linda Rayburn 's purse ; matches that stood in when her fancy silver lighter could n't manage a flame .
" Coffee Haus , " Archer said .
" She stops there sometimes , " Josie said wearily , twisting the box between her fingers with little interest .
" It 's not exactly around the corner from Malibu so either she 's been up that way to see her husband or . . . "
Archer hesitated .
" Or ? "
" Or , Linda Rayburn had them in that purse all this time .
The cops searched the house , but I 'll bet they did n't search the people who lived in the house . "
Josie 's hands closed over the matches .
" You 'll check it out ? "
" First thing in the morning , babe . "
Archer put his arm over her shoulder and steered her out the door .
" I 'll swing down Malibu way while I ' m at it .
Just a little drive by to make sure Hannah is doing okay ? "
" Thanks , Archer .
Want to come home with me ? "
He shook his head .
" Not tonight .
You 're tired .
Get some rest . "
Josie kissed him .
Her arms went around his waist .
He felt good but he was right .
She needed to be alone .
There was a lot to think about .
Flipping up the collar of her jacket she walked home .
Josie lay down on the couch with the phone in one hand , her other buried in Max 's fur .
Her eyes were on the picture window even though she could n't see the ocean .
Not meaning to sleep without talking to Hannah , sure that Linda 's accusations and protestations would keep her awake all night , Josie somehow drifted off .
She dreamed of dead children and childless women .


CHAPTER 29 Hannah sat on her little stool in the sand .
She had a joint but it was untouched .
She had spent the night pacing the beach , the house , her room , measuring off space to pass the time until her mother came home .
Josie was gone .
Hannah had left a message and Josie would call .
She was sure of that .
Once Hannah thought she heard the phone ringing and she ran fast into the house , but it must have been her imagination .
No one was on the line .
She went back to the beach , and her stool , and the cold , wet night until it got too cold , and too wet .
Finally she went inside , wishing she was n't alone – until her wish came true .
Kip had come in so quietly , so unexpectedly that Hannah almost died of fright .
It had been days since she 'd seen him and nothing had changed : not his long face , his thinning brown hair , his white shirt and beige coat , his khaki slacks .
He looked the same yet there was something different .
Kip was looking right at her .
He actually saw her .
He had never done that before .
" Where 's your mother ? "
Hannah shook her head .
She tried to answer and could n't .
The second time she managed a whisper .
" I do n't know . "
Kip did n't move .
He did n't seem to be breathing but his eyes trailed over Hannah .
He took in the twists and turns of her hair , the slope of her cheekbones , her lips , the cut of her t - shirt , the cleft of her breasts .
Hannah 's skin jumped with the prickle of nerves .
Her heart beat faster even though she breathed more slowly .
Maybe everything had n't ended with Fritz 's death .
Maybe . . .
Kip took a step .
He was leaving .
No .
He changed his mind .
Hannah could see the vent on his coat , the flash of a heel on his shoe .
She could feel him thinking .
His hatred seeped through the wall .
His heel was raised as if he might go forward , but then again he might fall back .
She prayed for him to disappear .
Instead Kip Rayburn walked right into her room .
She cringed on her stool .
One more step .
He was standing over her , so close she could smell him .
The smell of fear was on him .
Hannah knew it well .
" You are a stupid little bitch .
Everything would have been fine without you .
Everything . "
Kip lowered himself , hunkering down so he could look straight at her .
" The mere fact that you exist is abhorrent to me .
What you did to my father turns my stomach . "
" I did n't – " Hannah said .
" You did n't what ?
Hit him ?
Push him ?
Seduce him ?
Make him so much less than he was ?
Well , " he sighed , " I think you did .
But what 's really sad is that , in the end , it 's all my fault .
I brought you into this house .
I knew he was weak , and I brought you here to tempt him .
You and me , we 're guilty as sin .
But he was my father , Hannah .
Mine .
And you took him away from me when he did n't really want you . "
Kip pointed a finger at her .
His entire body vibrated with his desire to hurt her .
" In fact , no one has ever wanted you , have they ? "
" My mother did .
My mother does , " Hannah whispered .
" Really ? "
Kip stood up and looked around at the room .
" Then where is your mother ?
She 's not here .
If she wanted you so much then why is n't she here ? "
Hannah shook her head .
Her lips moved with the counting .
But Kip had had enough .
He reached out and clamped his hands on the side of her head to stop her .
He pulled her close , half off her little stool .
" Stop it .
Stop it or I 'll . . . . "
Just when Hannah thought he would squeeze hard enough to crush her skull they heard sounds .
A door closing .
Footsteps .
They were paralyzed , linked together in their private little power struggle only to be suddenly reminded there was another world .
Slowly Kip released her .
He was pale , shaking as if surprised to find he could be so vicious , yet not really surprised at all .
It ran in the family .
" Kip ? "
Linda Rayburn stood framed in the doorway looking at everything .
Hannah .
Her legs pulled up to her chest , arms wrapped around them , trembling as if she was chilled to the bone .
Against the wall was Kip , his arms hanging slack by his side , his expression melting with his anger and grief and , above all , hatred .
No one spoke .
Finally , Kip threw himself toward the door and pushed past his wife .
Panicked , Linda screamed at Hannah .
" What have you done ?
What ? "
" Mom , I – " Hannah said , but Linda did n't wait for an answer .
She darted after her husband .
" Kip , wait . Wait . "
She caught up with him in the dining room , unable to make him stop until she sprinted ahead .
" Get out of my way , Linda .
It 's all over .
My life is over .
Everything is over .
And it 's her fault .
I do n't want to look at her .
I do n't want her in my house . "
" What about me ?
Do you want me ?
Is n't that why you came ?
To get me ?
I can make it better .
I always have .
I always will . "
Linda hustled in front of him , her hands out , touching his chest , his shoulders .
" Just get out of my way , " he slapped at her hands but she persisted .
" No , answer me .
Kip for once in your life say what you want .
What do you want ? "
Kip grabbed her hands and shook them .
" I want people to stop talking about us .
I ' m sick of it .
I ca n't go anywhere .
People ask me if my father really did those things to me .
At the club they make jokes about the women and girls and my father .
They look at me and wonder if I ever did what he did .
The governor called .
He is withdrawing the nomination .
Can you change that ? "
" Yes . Yes .
I promise .
I 'll talk to him .
We 'll figure something out .
It will be all right , " Linda insisted , frantic to calm him .
It was an impossible task .
" Do n't be stupid .
Nothing will be all right .
Not until she is gone . "
He whipped his head around to glare at Hannah .
She had followed cautiously , hugging the walls , the furniture , watching to see where the danger was coming from .
But Kip 's eyes were blurred .
He saw nothing , and he could do nothing .
He dropped his head and shook it .
" Everything was fine when it was just him and me .
No one knew .
I could take anything if nobody knew . "
Linda pulled him to her .
When he resisted , she moved into him , forcing herself on him , angry and determined to stop the hemorrhaging emotions that would kill reason .
" I know .
I do know .
I swear .
I 've been there .
But I can make it right . "
She soothed him with the truth .
It was an awful , ugly truth that weakness was better stomached in private , behind the doors , in the dark .
Fritz knew that .
Kip knew that and , most of all , Linda knew .
The weak were bound together .
Maybe that was why Fritz and Kip and Linda had coexisted as easily as they had .
Maybe that was why Hannah never found her place in the Rayburn mix .
Her weakness was open .
It did n't shape her heart and soul ; it only touched the delicate tissues of the mind .
" Mom ? "
Instinctively Linda pulled Kip closer as if to protect him from her daughter .
Kip twisted out of her grasp and stepped behind his wife .
He ran a hand through his hair .
His plain face was mottled with the color of emotions long held private .
" Leave him alone . "
Linda closed in on Hannah and lowered her voice .
" Have n't you done enough ? "
Hannah 's eyes flicked to Kip and back to her mother .
Her hand reached out .
She touched Linda 's arm .
Once , twice , three times and Linda slapped her away .
" Mom , please .
I did n't do anything .
He came here .
He scared me .
I thought it was going to be like Fritz . "
" Stop it . "
Linda grabbed Hannah 's arm and railroaded her back into her room .
She whipped Hannah against the wall , out of Kip 's sight .
" It 's not going to be like that .
Do n't even think it .
Kip 's not like that , but do n't push him , that 's all I ' m saying . "
" But . . . "
Hannah grappled to get a hold on her mother .
Linda gathered Hannah 's hands together and held them tight .
" I ' m telling you to trust me .
I 've got to take care of Kip so I can take care of us – of you . "
" No , I ' m not going to do it anymore .
I ' m not going to take care of her , " Kip screamed .
Linda let go of Hannah 's hands .
Kip was n't finished with them .
" Kip , calm down .
We 'll work this out . "
" You work it out .
You take care of it . "
Kip turned to leave .
" But not with my money .
Not in my house .
Not for that little bitch . "
" Christ , " Linda muttered , watching his back as he stormed away .
" Kip , wait .
I ' m coming with you . "
" Mom ! "
Hannah screamed , choking back her sobs .
" Do n't leave me .
Please , Mom .
Do n't leave .
Do n't . "
Linda bared her teeth and her eyes flashed as she turned on her daughter .
Everything was walking out that door , and she 'd be damned if she 'd let it go without a fight .
" We need him you little bitch , " Linda hissed , turning again to rush after her husband .
It was then Hannah changed the trajectory of the night .
With a scream she flew past her mother and lunged at Kip Rayburn .
She was crazed with the fear of being left alone , out of her mind with the thought that her mother – her mother who she loved beyond reason , who she would do anything for and had done anything for – would leave her for this person .
" You ca n't take her away .
She 's supposed to be here .
I ' m not supposed to be alone , " Hannah screamed .
Tripping on the slick floor , Hannah 's knees hit hard but she was close enough to take hold of Kip 's legs .
She grappled .
She pulled hard .
Kip fell forward , smashing his shoulder against the wall .
Fritz 's black and red canvas shivered above as he steadied himself .
Hannah grunted , crawling up his leg , snatching at his clothes and screaming , but he was quick .
One leg was free .
Kip kicked hard catching the side of Hannah 's head .
She reeled back and rolled into the opposite wall .
Linda screamed .
Hannah 's arm flew across her brow , her other hand went to her lips to stifle the cry .
She would not cry .
Never again .
Never in front of him .
" Kip stop ! "
Linda joined the fray , yelling again and again .
Hannah heard him coming .
She heard Linda 's high heels click on the floor and Kip 's grunts as he struggled with his wife .
Then it was over .
Only the sound of breathing could be heard in the big , high - ceilinged house .
Hannah felt Kip standing over her .
Her eyes flew open .
She would not close them .
She would watch whatever was coming .
This time Hannah Sheraton was determined to watch it happen .
But Kip Rayburn did nothing .
He just stood there , his fists balled as he looked at her .
Slowly Hannah struggled to stand up .
Kip stepped back .
She leaned against the table , pained to see that Linda was waiting to see what would happen , and who would win .
Kip stepped back again and again until he was at the door .
Hannah matched him .
Her head hurt .
She put out a hand to steady herself .
She took one step forward , and then another .
Her lips moved with counting .
" Two , " she whispered .
" Three .
Four . . . "
" You 're a lunatic , " Kip said coldly .
Hannah stopped moving , counting , thinking .
Linda was immobile even when Kip walked past her , heading out the door to his car .
Mother and daughter looked at one another : One pleading for help , the other steeling herself with determination .
Linda rushed to Hannah and took her by the shoulders .
She shook her hard .
" Do n't you call anyone ; do n't you answer the phone .
They 'll take you away if you do .
I swear they will .
They 'll take you away Hannah .
Do you understand ?
Do n't do anything until I get back .
I 'll fix it , if you do n't screw it up now . "
Those were the last words Linda Rayburn spoke before she ran after her husband .
Hannah stumbled after her mother , stopping before she reached the thorn gate .
She heard two car doors slam and the squeal of tires on the drive .
In the ensuing silence , for just a moment , Hannah Sheraton crumpled onto the tiled patio .
Her only company was a tortured woman of bronze forever standing alone in the still pond waters of Fritz Rayburn 's home .
* * * Hannah dressed fast .
A coat .
A hat .
A scarf .
She looked at the phone once more , wanting to call Josie .
Do n't talk to anyone .
Do n't screw up .
They 'll take you away .
Hannah buttoned her coat as she ran through the house and opened the door to the outside .
The Volkswagen was there , still booted .
The old Mercedes was in the garage .
Hannah ran for the kitchen and rummaged through the drawer where they kept extra keys .
Nothing .
She pulled the drawer further out to search in the back but she pulled too far and the drawer fell with a clatter to the floor .
Jumping back , Hannah cursed and ignored the mess .
If the key to the Mercedes was there she did n't have time to look .
She needed to figure this out and there was only one place she could go .
Seconds later Hannah was running through the house , past Fritz 's paintings , out the front door , and past the statue .
She burst out of the thorn gate and did n't bother to close it .
Hannah ran all the way to the highway .
The sound of the ocean drove her on .
The sound of cars pulled her forward .
Someone would stop for her .
They had to .
She would make them .
Someone needed to get her where she was going before she did something she should n't do .
* * * Linda Rayburn stood naked at the long windows that overlooked the grounds of the Palisades house .
One arm was crossed under her heavy breasts , the other was crooked , a cigarette held between her fingers .
Thoughtlessly she brought the cigarette to her lips , pulled the smoke deep into her lungs , and held it there before letting it seep out through her lips .
Behind her Kip slept in the big bed , curled like a child into a tight ball , one hand under his cheek , exhausted from his meltdown .
In front of her , Linda could see the west wing of the house .
The charred wood had been removed , new wood rose in its place , framing the room just as it had been before the fire .
The yellow crime scene streamers were long gone .
The little stone boy peed into the fountain .
The gardens were manicured .
The stars twinkled .
The Palisades slept and Linda Rayburn wanted to lay her head down on her pillow and do the same , but there were too many things to think about .
Hannah .
Number one .
Always Hannah .
That had been an ugly scene .
Kip had been wrong to kick her , Linda wrong to leave her , but what was done was done .
Linda should feel guilty for following Kip , but she did n't .
A genetic flaw .
Her perpetual failing .
She would n't apologize for it even to herself .
You worked with what you had , you did what you could , and you made choices based on need .
Kip needed Linda more than Hannah did , and Linda needed Kip .
Hannah was strong and always had been .
She would survive the night .
Linda was n't sure Kip would have if he 'd been left alone .
Josie .
She was in the mental mix .
Funny how , in the dark , Linda could see so clearly .
Her path had crossed Josie 's so long ago and only for a short time .
Yet it was as if Josie had been with her every damn day of her life since college , looking over her shoulder , passing judgment .
She put her back against the wall and watched the cigarette smoke wend its way toward the ceiling .
She admitted it was all in her mind – this thing with Josie .
That sense of competition , of being not quite as good as Josie Bates .
Or at least it had been .
Now it was real .
There was a tug of war for Hannah 's future , and that 's not what Linda had anticipated at all when she sought Josie out .
This was supposed to be a win - win situation , but Linda was losing .
The cigarette came to her lips .
The smoke filled her lungs .
No , this was n't what she had anticipated at all .
Her eyes roamed the room .
It was more beautiful than any she could have imagined in all of her years before she met Kip .
She let her gaze rest on her husband .
Kip .
Kip .
Linda would like to think that she loved him , but the bottom line was she did n't know how to do that .
He made her the center of his universe , which was better than Linda had ever had , so she was grateful .
He 'd had it tough with Fritz .
Linda understood .
She was sympathetic .
She even liked Kip because he did n't demand a whole lot .
But love him ?
No .
She was broken somewhere inside .
She could n't love like other people .
But for Kip she came close .
For Hannah she came even closer .
For herself ?
Well . . . .
Linda stubbed out her cigarette and crawled into bed with her husband .
He uncurled himself .
She put her arms around him and lay with her face against his back .
She could have done worse .
She had done worse than Kip Rayburn .
In the end , it was really Hannah , Linda worried about .
Poor , sad , sick , dangerous Hannah .
Only Linda knew how dangerous Hannah could be , and it scared her to death .


CHAPTER 30 " 405 North is packed and the transition to the 10 toward downtown is backing up .
Rush hour has started early .
Expect more delays than divorce court . "
– KFWB traffic report " I ' m sorry to have kept you waiting , Ms . Bates .
The freeways get worse everyday . "
Josie ended her call to Archer .
He was headed to Malibu just as Ian Frank walked into his office .
He did n't waste a lot of time on the niceties , but was n't one to disregard them either .
He was pleasant , focused , and comfortable in his domain .
And a nice domain it was .
This man , worth millions , lived his professional life in a room that , at first glance , was less than impressive .
It was the second glance that did the trick .
The desk was simple with clean lines , as was the chair , but the wood quality and leather grade was exquisite .
Instead of the artwork and honors Rayburn favored , Frank 's walls were noticeably bare save for his Harvard Law School diploma and that was hung on a slice of wall near the door as if , once earned , it was of little consequence .
Large plants in full foliage brightened the corners .
Floor to ceiling windows afforded a spectacular view of the Hollywood hills behind Ian Frank .
At Josie 's back the view was equally rich .
The eye bumped over the stair - steps of the downtown skyline before skimming over the cities that paved the way to the coastline .
On a clear summer day Ian Frank could see the ocean but Josie doubted he was ever tempted to play hooky .
There was a bit of the farmer in him ; he looked up to check the way the wind blew .
From his greeting Josie imagined she was just a breeze in Ian Frank 's world .
" So what can I do for you ? "
" I want to talk about Fritz Rayburn , " Josie said , telling him something he already knew .
" What can I tell you ?
I did n't much care about Fritz 's personal life while he was alive , and I do n't much care about it now . "
" Do n't you think you should , Mr . Frank ? "
Josie asked .
" And why should I , Ms . Bates ? "
Ian Frank seemed amused .
" Because a law firm is reliant on its goodwill , and the firestorm surrounding the Rayburns could affect that .
Telling me about them might keep damage to a minimum . "
Ian laughed .
He had a wonderful face , a beautiful head of dark gray hair .
Trim and handsome , he was a man that would set widows and divorcees scheming .
" Fritz Rayburn 's interest in this firm was put into a trust when he took the bench .
He was n't a practicing partner .
Whatever you 're digging up may impact your client , but the goodwill on my balance sheet is going to be worth exactly what it was worth yesterday , or the day before . "
" You seem to be the only one who is n't concerned about the impact of Fritz Rayburn 's habits .
The governor is worried .
The family is worried .
The DA is worried , " Josie pointed out .
" The governor has reason to worry .
Fritz was his prized appointee .
No one will believe that Fritz 's shortcomings were n't discovered in a background check .
So , if Fritz was a bit off , and the governor 's office covered up , that will be a public relations nightmare .
You ca n't put the horse back in the barn , you know .
" Ian shook his head with certainty .
" As to Kip , he 'll be disappointed and embarrassed when the appointment does n't go through , but he 'll still be a partner in this firm .
Money soothes a great many hurts .
But all that aside , gossip or fact , none of this affects me . "
" Your clients might not feel the same way . "
Josie pointed at him as if he kept those precious people nestled in his breast pocket .
" Hell , half my clients are worried about their own skeletons , Ms . Bates .
In fact … "
He was interrupted when the door opened .
Standing just outside of Josie 's line of sight was a woman who was dutifully giving Ian Frank a reason to curtail this meeting .
" John Blosser is on his way , " she said with all the interest of someone who had done this a thousand times over the course of as many days .
" Thanks , May . Ms . Bates and I will be wrapping up soon . "
Ian Frank gave Josie his full attention and a ridiculously patronizing look that was meant to hurry her on .
She , in turn , did n't give him an inch .
" Mr .
Frank , I ' m not intimidated by you , and I am not impressed by your clinical analysis of Fritz Rayburn 's conduct .
I used to live in a place like this .
I used to sit in a chair just like yours .
I know , in these surroundings , that nothing is sacred – not even the idea that business exists in a vacuum .
I am living proof that it does n't . "
" I know your history , Ms . Bates , but this is very different .
We deal in numbers , in mergers , in huge estates , and corporate entities , " Ian Frank countered easily .
" That kind of business does n't titillate the public interest .
" Unless someone tells the tale correctly and I can tell it in a way that will make people sit up and take notice .
Do you think the mothers and fathers in California would take kindly to knowing that the man who was legal counsel to Comfy Toys also terrorized young girls ?
Do you think the very vocal black coalition in this state is going to turn the other cheek when they find out that Rayburn 's taste ran to women of color ?
" " And I would be curious to see who the mothers and fathers of California have more loathing for : an attorney who uses her power to isolate a young woman from her mother or an old , dead man who has n't been affiliated with this firm for over seven years .
And , if Kip Rayburn were to admit his father was overzealous in his discipline , there would be a great deal of sympathy for him , do n't you think ?
Oh , Ms . Bates , we can all spin and in the end , when all is said and done , neither of us will win but I 'll come out on top .
I know my clients .
Their attention span is even shorter than mine . "
Josie sat forward in her chair , too .
She tried another tack ; one that she had no doubt would fail , but , when desperate , desperate measures are called for .
" Then tell me about Fritz Rayburn and his son because you 're a good man , Mr . Frank .
Tell me because it might help Hannah Sheraton . "
A flicker of interest ran across Ian Frank 's face .
For the first time he was truly engaged in the conversation .
" It is n't as though I do n't have sympathy for your client , Ms . Bates .
My sister has a daughter that girl 's age .
It 's hard to know what 's true and what is n't even when it is your own child , so I will be truthful .
I do n't know anything for sure that will help you .
If I do n't know it to be fact , then it does n't exist and that 's really all there is to it .
I give you credit for sticking your neck out but , then , you do n't have all that much to lose , do you ?
I ' m not in the same position . "
Josie jumped on the opening .
It was n't more than a hairline crack in his demeanor but it was enough to tell her that he had a conscience .
" You 're right .
I do n't have anything to lose so that means I can fight tooth and nail .
Just tell me what you suspect .
Give me access to your personnel files .
Let me talk to the women in this firm .
Tell me if you know anything about the fight between Fritz and Kip Rayburn .
All I need is your permission .
I 'll be discreet .
All you have to do is give me the sword .
I 'll slay the dragon and you keep the castle . "
Ian Frank put his elbows on top of his well - kept desk and clasped his hands .
He let them fall back against his lips once and then he put them in front of him .
He did n't think longer than a second .
" There is n't a businessman on this earth who would believe what you just said . No .
I wo n't open this firm up to you .
Though I have a great deal of faith in the practical mindset of our clients , I wo n't help you tip the balance .
Now , I know you 're a fine attorney , but I ' m probably better .
If you try to get a court order to go into my records , I will stop you . "
Ian opened his hands as if in apology .
" Eventually you may get what you want but I 'll keep you tied up until this trial is over .
I 'll protect what 's mine and that , as they say , is that . "
" I thought this firm belonged to Kip now , too , " Josie reminded him .
" You think he 's going to give you permission to go after his father on his own turf ? "
Ian laughed .
" No , I was just curious to find out if he understood he 'd be second fiddle around here .
That you 're the one who will be making all the big decisions . "
" That 's exactly how it is , Ms . Bates , and I do n't think Kip will mind .
I 've done well at the helm of this firm .
I will continue to do my job well and make him rich .
I will support him if he is on the bench .
I have a great deal of respect for Kip . "
" Did Justice Rayburn have the same respect for his son ? "
" I have no idea , " Ian laughed .
" Fritz and I were n't friends .
We were business partners .
We made business decisions . "
That was it .
The moment Josie was waiting for .
Ian Frank was lying .
Josie had cross examined too many witnesses , completed too many interviews , represented too many defendants not to know that lies were n't always dotted with beads of sweat and did n't always quiver with the telling .
Sometimes lies came as they did with Ian Frank ; behind an expression so controlled it was unnatural .
He looked straight at her .
There was just the hint of a smile on his lips .
It had been there before she asked the question and it remained after .
He did n't react to the ridiculousness of the query by waving it off or throwing himself back in the chair as if she was wasting too much of his time .
" You liar .
A law partnership is closer than most marriages .
You know everything . "
Josie put her hand on the top of his desk ; she made sure she did n't look away .
" You 're not concerned about the emotional value of Fritz Rayburn 's legacy so what 's the deal you made ?
Was Kip going to be an active member of the firm ?
Was he just going to collect the partner 's share ?
There had to be documents that were signed , discussions held , decisions made .
Were you and Fritz on the opposite sides of the fence when it came to good old Kip ? "
Ian Frank 's eyes clouded .
He was wary , on his guard .
Sexual aberrations were something to pass off but now Josie was treading on sacred ground – the firm 's .
" Fritz did n't know he was going to die , Ms . Bates , so passing on his interest in the firm was n't exactly top of mind . "
" Fritz Rayburn was a lawyer , Mr . Frank , and so are you , " Josie drawled .
" Lawyers do n't leave anything to chance where their firms are concerned .
Was Kip the beloved son , trusted with the legacy over your objections ?
Did you welcome him , but Fritz wanted him controlled ?
What was the deal ?
You might as well tell me because I swear I am going to kick up a ruckus until I find out . "
" Mr . Frank ? "
Ian Frank 's eyes snapped to the doorway .
May was back .
" Yes , what is it ? "
The woman 's expression changed from bland to startled .
It was tough to be snapped at when you were just following orders .
" Mr .
Blosser is on his way up . "
Ian Frank dismissed her by looking back at Josie .
She pressed her case .
" I know that Kip and Fritz had a huge argument just before he died .
I want to know if it was about business .
I know that you . . . "
Ian Frank stood up abruptly .
He put out his hand and said : " This interview is over , Ms . Bates .
I have an appointment . "
Josie hesitated .
She stood up too but ignored the hand he held out to her .
" I 'll be calling you to court , Mr . Frank , so clear your calendar . "
Ian Frank lowered his outstretched arm .
He was not insulted , and he was n't stupid enough to dismiss the message .
" That is your prerogative , Ms . Bates .
In fact , if time permits , I might even show up .
It could be fun to see what would happen between us in a courtroom . "
" I assume you would n't ignore a subpoena ? "
Josie raised a brow .
" I 've always found sympathetic consideration given to the schedules of busy attorneys .
Even the court knows its only business at the end of the day , " Ian reminded her .
" No , Mr . Frank , at the end of this day we 're talking about a young girl 's life and I 'll bet the system will see it my way .
If I want you on that stand , that is where you 'll be . "
Josie made her statement and her exit .
Ian Frank let her go without another word .
By the time she made it to the elevator he was dictating a memo .
When the elevator came , Josie had to step back for a man who was in a hurry .
The receptionist greeted him as Mr . Blosser , the man Ian Frank was waiting for .
In the minutes it took the elevator to whisk Josie down fifty - four floors Ian Frank and his client had probably slapped one another on the back a few times and were sitting down to business .
Ian Frank probably had n't given Josie Baylor - Bates another thought , but someone else had .
" Excuse me . "
Fingers touched Josie 's arm .
The touch was light and surprising .
Josie 's mind had been on the rich possibilities opened up by Kip 's fight with Fritz , and now a woman she did n't know was railroading her .
The woman 's body pulled in tight against Josie , steering her to a corner of the lobby before Josie reached the door to the valet parking .
Josie looked down to see who was insisting on a moment of her time .
It was May , the one whose job it was to interrupt Ian Frank .
" I have to talk to you , " she said , her voice quiet , her eyes lowering as she linked arms with Josie .
Deftly the short woman herded the tall one into an alcove .
She backed Josie up until they were well hidden behind a wall of black marble and a bank of telephones .
" I do n't want to testify in court , okay .
I do n't want to lose my job , okay .
But somebody needs to tell you about him . "
May laid out the ground rules before Josie even knew what the game was .
" You mean Fritz Rayburn ? "
" No , no .
Not the old man .
The young one . Kip . Stupid name for a grown man .
Kip is the one you need to know about . "
She squinted up at Josie but it was her tone of voice that was telling .
May hoped she was n't talking to an idiot .


CHAPTER 31 The conversation lasted no longer than five minutes .
May was her last name ; she did n't offer a first .
Easy enough to find out , but Josie would n't unless it was absolutely necessary .
May lived up to Josie 's initial impressions .
She was exacting , professional and got to the point .
She heard what Josie had asked .
About Kip Rayburn .
About Fritz Rayburn .
She had worked for the firm for fifteen years .
She 'd seen a lot .
She would n't lie .
If it was anything else except this , she would have kept her mouth shut , but she 'd been following this case .
May had read about it in the papers , heard about it on the news , and discussed it with people in the firm .
Oh yes , despite what Mr . Frank thought , people in the firm were talking about Fritz like crazy , and that included some clients .
May thought it was awful that they had brought charges against Hannah as an adult .
She was n't convinced that the girl had killed her grandfather .
Why ?
Because May knew that other people were really upset with Justice Rayburn .
Not that she liked what Josie had done .
She thought the emancipation deal was a raw one .
There had to be another way .
But there it was .
The ball had bounced .
Still , at the end of the day , May figured Josie 's instincts were right .
" Specifically ? "
Josie wanted to know everything May did .
" Kip Rayburn , " May answered .
" He and his father had been fighting for six months and it was getting ugly . "
" Because ? "
Josie prodded though May seemed less in need of encouragement than waiting for Josie to ask a question .
May had been around lawyers too long .
" Justice Rayburn was going to assign his share of the partnership to Mr . Frank unless his son – " May paused and shook her head .
She made a face as if there was something distasteful in her mouth " Unless he divorced his wife .
I 'd never heard anything like it .
That old man wanted his son to trade his wife for money .
I heard them arguing .
I typed the codicil to his will . "
May had heard at least three fights about the matter .
Mr .
Frank was n't in favor of it .
Kip had worked with the firm .
He was an asset .
Justice Rayburn was unmoved .
He hated Linda and her ' half breed ' daughter .
May heard Mr . Frank accuse Justice Rayburn of playing dirty , just doing it to make Kip miserable , just doing it because he could .
He was angry because Justice Rayburn was using the firm badly .
Mr .
Frank had n't liked Mr . Rayburn for a long while .
She could tell by the way Mr . Frank answered the phone when the judge called , and the way Mr . Frank ran the firm like it was his own without consulting Justice Rayburn on important matters .
" So , what happened ? "
Josie asked .
" I do n't know , " May shrugged .
" I do n't know what Kip Rayburn decided to do but his father was bringing it to a head .
For some reason he wanted Kip to make a decision fast .
Now that I 've heard about what he did to that girl , maybe he wanted to get rid of the evidence .
Get the mother out of the house and the girl goes too .
Maybe that is why he offered Kip that weird deal . "
" Did Mrs . Rayburn know about this ? "
Josie asked .
" I never saw her .
I do n't know .
But I do know that Kip was going to fight tooth and nail .
He did n't want a divorce .
He said she loved him and nobody ever had .
It was sad .
I heard him crying once .
The old judge was laughing at him . "
" Do you think he was mad enough to do something desperate ?
Do you think he was angry enough to kill his own father ? "
Josie looked over May 's head .
A man had stopped in the entry to the alcove .
May looked over her shoulder and eased herself away .
The man changed his mind and went on to the parking structure .
May lowered her voice and talked faster .
" I do n't know .
I saw bits and pieces .
They were really angry .
I heard raised voices , and you did n't hear that when it was only Mr . Frank running the place .
Even he got crazy when the other two men went at it .
What was sad is that Justice Rayburn seemed to be having such a good time .
I think he liked sticking it to his son – maybe even to Mr . Frank .
I think he 'd been doing it so long it was second nature .
I felt sorry for Kip Rayburn .
Grown man being treated like that just is n't right . "
" What about Mr . Frank ? "
Josie 's eyes scanned the comings and goings outside the alcove .
No one was interested in them .
" What about him ? "
May followed Josie 's lead and checked over her shoulder now and again .
" Maybe it was in his best interest that Kip did n't divorce .
Then he would n't answer to anybody if Rayburn died .
Maybe he wanted to hurry along the process so he could have the firm to himself . "
May rolled her eyes .
She knew two things better than most people : the law was n't always about justice and that lawyers sometimes were n't very practical .
" If Mr . Frank killed Justice Rayburn he would still have had Kip for a partner .
The codicil had n't been filed .
Nope , if you have to look at anyone , look at the son .
He was between a rock and a hard place and he was in agony .
The girl he did n't care about , but the wife was a different matter altogether . "
Archer did n't have to look far to know that there was a problem at the Malibu house .
The huge copper gate stood open , twisted to three quarters as if someone had slipped out in a hurry .
He pushed it all the way open with a fisted hand and walked in , calling for someone – anyone .
The place was silent as a tomb .
Careful not to touch anything , Archer checked it out .
Front door : open .
Entry rug : off center , one corner flipped back .
Dining room : two chairs down .
He moved slowly .
Warily .
Silent now .
Ready to run into a living , breathing human being , or step over a body .
Nothing in the hall .
Hannah 's room .
A mess .
Little stool tipped over .
Little dish with a blade .
Archer peered closely .
No blood .
Good sign .
French doors that led to the beach .
Open .
A closer look .
Sand at the entry .
Feathered .
There was no wind now so it had to have been open all night .
Archer moved upstairs , staying close to the wall , watching the doors .
All were open .
All was silent .
The master bedroom was pristine .
The bed had n't been slept in . Downstairs again he wrapped his finger in the tail of his shirt and activated the answering machine .
Last thing he wanted was his prints in this place .
There were two messages from Josie asking Hannah to call .
The kitchen : crap all over the floor .
A junk drawer ripped out and spilled .
No cocktail glasses , no dishes , no food , nothing normal .
Whatever had gone down had happened fast and furious and followed a path – Hannah 's bedroom , through the dining room and living room , out the front door , and through the gate . Poof .
All gone .
He walked the perimeter looking for anything that would give him a clue as to where gone was .
Linda 's car was in the driveway unlocked .
Hannah 's bug was still booted .
Someone had come to get Linda , or Hannah , or both .
Archer guessed Kip , but Kip would n't take Hannah to the corner if she begged on her knees .
Archer planted his feet in the white sand and looked out to sea .
If Linda was taken away and Hannah left behind , then where was she ?
He hoped to God she was n't out there , under the deep blue sea .
There was only one way to find out , and it was n't by making a phone call and asking politely .
He 'd have to find the gruesome twosome – Kip and Linda – and look them in the eye to find the truth .
Archer trudged back around the house just as an old Valiant pulled into the drive .
A woman dressed in white got out , a sweater over her arm , and a shopping bag in her hand .
The maid .
" Hola , " Archer called and went to meet her .
It took less than two minutes to find out she came every other day .
She would be no help to Archer .
He thanked her , told her the place was a mess and heard her mumble ' so what else is new ' in Spanish before he got in his car and set his sights on the Palisades to check out the Coffee Haus , and track down the elusive Rayburns .
* * * Josie inched along the freeway , got through the tight patch , and took off as soon as she passed the Century turnoff .
The ragtop rattled , she could hear the engine purring under the hood , and her brain was hanging right in there with the car .
She wanted to call Archer but knew there would be no way to hear him over the freeway noise , so Josie made mental memos as she wove into the fast lane and out again to pass a tractor - trailer .
Archer was top of the list .
Josie would have him running for the next three days , checking out every bit of the Rayburn 's lives : the women Linda hung with at the gym , the few she drank with , the ones she served with on those charitable committees where someone named Rayburn would be welcome .
Josie would have him talk to the partner 's wives at Rayburn & Frank .
Archer would go to Kip 's club , talk to those who knew him well .
Purpose : find out who knew about Fritz 's ' deal ' with his son .
Josie changed lanes again taking cursory note of the mobile impressions : a man on a cell phone , a gray Mercedes , a girl singing at the top of her lungs in a white Toyota .
Billboards went by in a rush of color and light .
The electronic message board warned of a slow down at the next turnoff but Josie flew past – no traffic jam in sight .
She exited the freeway at Rosecrans .
Thirty minutes later she 'd navigated the surface streets and was home .
Gathering her purse Josie walked down the driveway snapped the remote over her shoulder and closed the garage door .
She dug in her purse for her keys and hurried around the corner of the garage only to slow her step , stunned to see who was waiting on her doorstep .
* * * " Hey . "
" Hey , " Archer called back , raising a hand as he hiked across the impeccable lawn that swept up to the Rayburn 's Palisades estate .
The kid who called to him was short , tanned , and buff .
His shirt was off and he was surrounded by a couple thousand dollars ' worth of flowers and plants .
" Did you bring the mulch ? "
" Nope .
Sorry .
Wrong guy . "
" Damn .
I need that mulch .
These beds are like totally dead after that fire .
I need to work in some mulch here .
I called the company two hours ago . "
" Sorry , " Archer shrugged , " ca n't help you .
I ' m looking for the Rayburns .
Are they here ? "
" I got here about six .
I have n't seen anybody . "
The kid squinted toward the main house .
" I seen the cars , just have n't seen them . "
" Archer . "
He put out his hand , shook the kid 's " Rene , " the young man filled in the blank .
" Nice to meet you .
I ' m actually looking for the daughter . "
" Hannah ? "
Rene nodded .
" I have n't seen her either . "
" What about before the fire ?
Did you see anything then ?
Anything out of the ordinary ? "
Rene squinted into the sun as he thought .
" I ' m here one day a week .
I do n't know what 's ordinary .
They walk right by me .
Except Hannah .
She said hi when she saw me .
The old man did n't like it . "
" Was he mad ? "
" Naw .
Only heard him mad once .
I was here late because the sprinklers were n't working just right .
So I ' m over there , " he chucked his chin toward a bank of leaded glass windows .
" And I ' m fiddling with the timer trying to get it reset and I hear the old man and his son going at it .
I never heard a peep out of that house before and then it sounds like World War three going on . "
" What did you do ? "
Archer walked over to the fountain and ran his hand through the clear , cool water .
Rene followed .
" I listened , " Rene laughed again .
" It 's not like gardening is real exciting . "
" Did you hear what they were saying ? "
" You a cop ? "
Rene asked .
" Just a friend of the girl . "
" I did n't hear much . I . . . "
Rene hesitated .
" Hey , you 're not going to tell them I was listening are you ?
I do n't want to get fired . "
Archer shook his head and flicked the water off his finger .
" I ' m the last person you have to worry about .
Just curious , that 's all . "
" Mostly I just heard the yelling not all the words .
Then the young guy comes close to the window and he screams at the judge and I hear him say , " she 's your problem , not mine " and " what 's there to be afraid of ?
" Then he moves away and I ca n't hear what he 's saying , just the yelling .
I almost have the sprinklers fixed when I hear this big crash .
I dived onto the grass because I thought it was a gunshot .
It was n't .
Somebody threw something and it hit the window frame just where I was standing . "
Rene shook his head remembering the day .
" I would have been in big trouble if that thing hit the window because I was just underneath it . "
" What happened then ? "
" Nothing , " Rene answered matter - of - factly .
" They said a few more things I could n't hear , and then I was done and I left . "
" When was this ? "
Archer asked .
" One , maybe two days before the fire . "
" Anything after that ? "
" Not that I know .
Nobody was living here after the fire .
I just kept the grounds . "
Rene 's eyes narrowed and he nodded toward the circular drive .
" They 're back now . "
Archer followed Rene 's gaze .
Linda Rayburn had come out the door .
She was dressed in a long , filmy gown the color of cantaloupe .
It did n't leave much to the imagination .
" What a babe , " Rene sighed .
" Yeah , " Archer answered , " A real sweetheart . "
* * * " Faye ? "
Josie jogged the last few steps , hugging Faye Baxter with her free arm , pulling away long enough to grab her keys and rush to the front door .
" My God , I ca n't believe you 're here .
I ' m so happy to see you .
I 'll say it .
I missed . . . "
" Josie , I ' m sorry .
I could n't get you on the phone , " Faye talked fast but Josie was talking over her .
Faye tried again , louder to make herself heard .
" I tried your cell but could n't get through . "
Josie pushed open the door and motioned Faye in with a nod of her head .
" I was downtown .
Probably out of range .
Come on in .
How long have you been here ? "
" About twenty minutes .
Josie , I 've got . . . "
Faye inched closer .
" Just a sec .
I 've got to let Max out . "
Josie was a step inside the door when Faye clamped her hand on Josie 's shoulder .
" Josie , stop , " Faye cried .
Then more softly , " Stop . "
" What ?
What is it ? "
Josie dropped her briefcase .
Faye had her attention .
" It 's Hannah .
She 's been hurt . "
" Where ?
Where is she ? "
The blood rushed to Josie 's cheeks .
" She 's in Long Beach Memorial Hospital . "
" Long Beach ?
What in the hell is she doing there ? "
" I do n't know .
I only know she 's hurt pretty badly . "
" Please tell me she did n't try to kill herself ? "
Josie pleaded .
Faye shook her head .
" No .
Nothing like that .
It was an accident .
She was hitchhiking .
A truck swerved to miss a car on Pacific Coast Highway and hit her .
She was in Huntington Beach and the paramedics took her to Long Beach Memorial .
Hannah had your card with the office number in her pocket .
The nurse in ICU did n't go through her clothes until this morning .
Hannah 's been there since late last night . "
" Does Linda know ? "
" Not from me .
I told the police who Linda was so I ' m sure they 've contacted her by now . "
" Maybe , maybe not . "
Josie balled her fists on her hips .
" I swear , I do n't know what Linda was thinking leaving Hannah alone .
What a mess .
Hannah running away is unbelievable .
I told her . . . "
Suddenly Josie stopped .
She put a hand to her brow .
" Oh God , then Hannah 's alone at the hospital . "
" I just do n't know anything else , Josie . "
Faye clasped her hands in apology .
" I know .
It 's okay .
I appreciate you going out of your way , Faye .
I really do . "
Josie walked a circle .
She slapped the wall with her open palm and stormed across the room .
She ripped the receiver off her cradle .
" Linda wants the mother of the year award and then leaves Hannah alone to do whatever she wants .
God , she 's stupid .
Norris will have Hannah back in jail before Linda can blink and it will be her fault . "
" Norris may not have time to revoke Hannah 's bail , Josie .
From the little I know , Hannah may not live that long . "
Josie held the receiver away from her ear .
Faye could hear the ringing of Linda Rayburn 's cell phone go unanswered and then Linda Rayburn 's voice came over the line .
She was n't home but if the caller would leave a message she could get back to them .
Faye picked up the receiver and listened just as Josie ran out the door .


CHAPTER 32 " Are you family ? "
– Nurse / Intensive Care " Yes . "
– Josie Hannah was n't beautiful anymore .
She was swollen , raw , shaved , bruised and broken .
Her face was red and black on one side , her skin shredded where she hit the pavement ; microscopic flecks of blacktop were still embedded in her skin .
A patch of hair had been shaved from the top of her head to her right temple .
A long , ugly line of stitches ran from the edge of her eyebrow into the bald patch .
A monstrous bit of machinery had her head locked steady , bolting her into a box that would keep her from moving if she ever woke up .
One arm was bandaged from fingertip to shoulder .
The other was in a splint .
Josie could see the outline of Hannah 's legs and breathed a sigh of relief when she counted two .
Without her make - up , her piercings , without being able to see those green eyes , Hannah suddenly became what Josie had always argued she was – a hurt child .
Josie touched the sheets that were so tightly tucked around Hannah .
Her fingertips quivered .
Her arm felt heavy .
The memory of the Davis children , dead under pristine white sheets , flashed into Josie 's head .
She snatched her hand back .
Instead of looking under the sheet , Josie leaned forward and touched what was left of Hannah 's hair and whispered .
" Hannah , what have you done to yourself ?
Hannah ? "
Hannah did n't answer but someone else asked : " Who are you ? "
A small woman in big green scrubs walked into the room like she owned it .
A surgical mask and stethoscope dangled around her neck .
She glanced at Josie , grabbed Hannah 's chart , spent some time with it , looked at the monitors and finally at Hannah , yet it was clear she was waiting for an answer .
" Josie Baylor - Bates . "
Josie slid her hand away from Hannah .
" You do n't exactly look like a relative ?
Only relatives are supposed to be in here . "
The woman in scrubs hung the chart back on the end of the bed .
" I ' m her attorney .
The cops called my office .
I just got the message . "
" Attorney , huh ? "
The woman actually smiled .
" Guess in some cases that might qualify as family .
You must have got here before he did . "
" Who ? "
Josie looked over her shoulder .
" There 's a cop outside , " the woman said matter - of - factly .
" He 's not supposed to let anyone in or out .
I told him it 's not like this baby is going anywhere any time soon , poor thing .
I told him he might as well go home , but he looks like he 's digging in . "
The woman adjusted the drip tube on Hannah 's IV .
She looked at a monitor above the bed once more .
" I ' m Fran Taglia .
I caught her in emergency . "
Doctor Taglia stepped back , her expression one of compassionate detachment .
" She does n't look like a murderer . "
" This one is n't even close , " Josie muttered .
" Do you know what happened ? "
" Not the details , just that it was a car accident .
They must have hit her hard . "
Taglia sighed and crossed her arms .
" I 'd like to say she 's a lucky girl , but I do n't think this kid has had a stroke of luck in her life .
I was following her trial .
I figured you worked things out , because I have n't heard a peep lately . "
" We 've had a recess .
Unfortunately , we 'll be back on the front pages when the press gets wind of this .
She was supposed to be monitored twenty - four / seven . "
" You do n't have to worry about that now .
We 're a twenty - four / seven kind of place . "
Doctor Taglia put her hand out and held onto the IV stand like she was leaning on a fence post .
From across the hall came the sounds of Jeopardy .
A muted call bell rang .
Dinner trays clanged while they were collected .
The scents of alcohol and medicine , bodies long unwashed , salves and creams overwhelmed Josie .
Taglia was immune to it all .
" We 're going to keep Hannah heavily sedated so she wo n't move her head , " she said .
" There 's some swelling on the brain .
Her neck 's bad .
There 's a hairline crack at the base of her skull and a big one on the right side of her head .
We 've already been inside to take care of the internal bleeding .
She had a ruptured spleen , and a collapsed lung .
Taken together it seems overwhelming , but Hannah is young , she 's in good shape .
She 'll get over everything if she wants to . "
Doctor Taglia straightened up .
" I saw her arms .
She 's a cutter .
There 's a lot of hurt with cutters .
Maybe she 'll just lie there and wish herself away . "
" No , " Josie answered positively , " she wo n't do that .
We 've come too far for her to do that . "
" Unless she did n't want to go as far as you did , " Taglia mused .
" I guess we wo n't know until she wakes up , will we ? "
Josie raised her brows .
" Guess not . "
Doctor Taglia checked her watch .
She had better things to do than debate a lawyer .
" There 's a call button right behind her head .
If she moves , ring . "
" If anyone calls you it will be me , not her . "
Linda Rayburn filled the doorway for an instant then stormed into the room .
" I want that woman out of here now , and I want to know who let her in .
Only family is supposed to be in here and I sure as hell do n't count her as family .
Now get her out . "
" Hey , " Doctor Taglia stopped Linda with a word and a hand on her shoulder .
" I think you better keep your voice down . "
" And you better keep out of my way . "
Linda ripped Taglia 's hand off her shoulder .
" I ' m Hannah 's mother and I want to be alone with my daughter until the doctor who treated her can find some time to come up and talk to me . "
Linda tried to push her way past Taglia but the doctor was n't easily moved .
This time she had Linda 's arm and she gave it a yank , keeping her tone friendly and concerned .
" Well that 's just fine because I ' m the doctor in charge .
Now let 's calm down or that man outside this door will help you into the waiting room so you can cool off . "
Doctor Taglia cocked an eyebrow , silenced Linda , and took her hand .
" Good girl .
I ' m glad you 're here .
Hannah needs a reason to come back to the land of the living .
What she does n't need is a knock down drag out at her bedside .
She 's drugged up pretty good but that does n't mean she ca n't hear and feel .
So , are we on the same page ? "
Linda drew herself to her full height and pulled her hand away from Taglia .
" Yes .
Now , may I please request that only the family be allowed in this room ? "
" Linda , " Josie said , " Give me a few minutes .
That 's all I want . "
The look Linda shot Josie was loathsome .
" It 's your fault she 's hurt , Josie .
She was running away .
She could n't take this fighting and bickering any more .
She did n't want you to . . . "
Josie moved away from Hannah 's bed , mindful that the sleeping girl might hear her .
Instinctively , Linda shadowed Josie .
" Linda I need to know where you were last night before I talk to Rudy Klein and Judge Norris .
I need to know , now . "
" You 're going to lay this on me ?
That is rich . "
Josie turned her head away from Linda 's venomous whispers .
Linda ducked hers to make sure Josie looked at her .
" What do you know about being a mother ?
You never even had one .
You do n't know about the choices you have to make to protect your kid .
Last night I was damned no matter what I did .
You do n't think this is going to make me feel like shit for the rest of my life ? "
A deep fury exploded inside Josie , but she lowered her voice even further so Linda would be the only one to hear what she had to say .
" You were doing what you wanted to do last night ; I just do n't know where you were doing it .
I swear , when I find out where you were I ' m going to recommend Norris charge you with contempt and child endangerment .
That means jail time , Linda . "
" You want to have it both ways , Josie ?
You want Hannah to be an adult until she screws up , and then you want it to be my fault because I did n't babysit her .
Screw you , Josie . "
Josie backed off , reading Linda 's danger signals .
This was n't going to do Hannah any good .
" Okay , you 're right .
I ' m sorry .
It 's time for us to be adults and let Hannah be the kid .
But when she 's better , Norris is going to want her in a monitored place . "
" We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it . "
Linda had had enough , but Josie was insistent .
As much as it tore at her to see Hannah hurt , Josie was a lawyer and knew that contingency plans had to be made .
" Linda , mistakes have been made on both sides .
I apologize for mine , but the fact of the matter is we need to be together on a plan for the court . "
Josie paused almost convincing herself that leaving Hannah alone was a mistake and not a selfish indulgence .
" I want Norris to release Hannah to me instead of putting her through the system .
That way you can have access to her and . . . . "
Linda grabbed Josie 's arm and spoke through clenched teeth .
" What is wrong with you ?
My marriage is ruined , Hannah 's lying there unconscious , and you 're worried about who the judge is going to let her live with ?
How about just worrying whether or not she is going to live ?
How about that , Josie ? "
" Mrs . Rayburn .
Mrs .
Rayburn . "
Doctor Taglia called to Linda as she pried her fingers loose .
" Stop now .
This is n't doing anyone any good . "
Linda blinked , looking at the doctor as if surprised to find her so close .
" She wants my daughter to live with her .
How can she ask me to make that kind of decision ? "
Linda asked quietly , as if Doctor Taglia had the answer .
" You do n't have to make any decisions right now , " Taglia assured her as she walked Linda to the bed and settled her .
Linda seemed as weak as her daughter , the fight gone out of her .
When she spoke , it was as if she were only a curious observer in all this .
" Does she hurt ?
If she 's going to die , will she hurt ? "
Taglia caught Josie 's eye as she put her hand on Linda 's shoulder .
" She 's not in any pain .
I promise we have n't missed anything on your girl .
Hang in there for seventy - two hours , okay ?
I promise she wo n't die . "
" Are you sure ?
You 're really sure ? "
Doctor Taglia hesitated .
It was n't the question that was odd , only the way it was asked , as if Linda wanted Taglia to look again .
" Yes , I ' m sure , " Taglia answered , patting Linda 's shoulder .
" If Hannah knows you 're here everything will be fine .
Okay ? "
Linda 's shoulders were hunched ; her head was bent .
Doctor Taglia eased away but not quickly enough to miss the next question .
" Did she say anything about me ? "
Linda whispered .
Josie moved forward , curious to hear the answer .
" Hannah could n't ask for you , but I know she would want you here , " The doctor answered .
" Maybe she said something to the people who transported her . "
" Who did that ? "
Linda 's eyes were still on her daughter .
" The paramedics ?
Their names will be on the report .
I 'll make sure you get it .
Right now just stay with your daughter . "
Doctor Taglia shrugged and melted away .
There were other patients , other people to be cared for .
Josie moved to the foot of the bed .
" Linda , I 'd like to stay with you . "
" Do n't talk , Josie .
Just go away , " Linda muttered .
" Hannah needs both of us now , " Josie insisted quietly .
" Go away Josie or I swear , I 'll kill you .
Linda 's voice was dull and dark .
It made the threat seem terrifyingly real .
" I care about her , too , " Josie breathed , stunned to find out how much truth there was in that , but Linda was unmoved .
Linda 's head swiveled toward Josie .
Her green eyes were so much like Hannah 's and yet so different : harder , worn , and unforgiving .
" I never asked you to care about my daughter .
She was your client .
That 's all , Josie .
Hannah was just your client .
Now go on .
Get out . "
Josie opened her mouth and then thought better of speaking .
Without another word Josie walked out of the hospital past the uniformed officer and knew Linda was wrong .
Hannah did n't belong to either of them now .
Rudy Klein had claimed her as a ward of the court .


CHAPTER 33 " Stop , " Josie whispered , pushing Archer 's hands away .
Archer rolled onto his back amid the tangle of blankets and sheets .
Minutes ago they had been a tangle of arms and legs , lips and hands .
They tried too hard to find love and found only sex and not very good sex at that .
Now they looked at the ceiling , seeing nothing through the darkness , overly aware of each other 's disappointment , disenchantment , and disillusionment .
Archer because he could do nothing to help Josie ; Josie because she could do nothing to help Hannah .
" It was n't your fault , " he finally said .
" Exactly what is n't my fault , Archer ? "
Josie asked .
" That Hannah ran away , or that she got hurt ?
Or that there 's a guard on her , or that she 's going back to jail ?
Or that Linda and I are in this bizarre tug of war over what 's best for her ? "
Archer stayed silent , unmoving , knowing the only way to heal her soul was to let her talk .
" Maybe the police are at fault ?
Her mother ?
Her father – whoever he is .
Her stepfather ?
Rudy ?
Maybe it 's Hannah 's own fault , Archer .
I really have n't ruled out that possibility .
You know , maybe she 's just a murdering , sociopathic kid who thought she knew how to work the system , got caught in the wheels and panicked . "
Josie turned onto her side , her back to Archer .
" Maybe she was running out on me .
It has happened before ; people leaving me without a word . "
Archer 's jaw tightened .
That was it .
He swung his legs over the side of the bed .
He loved Josie but he 'd heard this song before , this self - pity , this little girl lament .
People got over shit .
It was her time .
" She was n't running out on you – she was just running .
The weird thing was that she was going north on Pacific Coast Highway .
I took pictures when I checked it out . "
" Well , are n't you just so damn efficient , Archer ?
Besides , which side of the road she was on does n't mean anything .
Rudy will argue she was fleeing .
You should know that . "
" Hey , Jo , I ' m not the enemy and this is n't like you . "
Archer walked toward the bathroom .
In the dark Josie could just see his silhouette : big , filling her bedroom , taking up her space when she wanted to be left alone .
" Oh , Christ , " Josie muttered before hollering at him as he started to close the bathroom door .
" You do n't know a damn thing about me . "
Archer threw open the door .
His arms held either side of it as if he was trying to restrain himself .
" I know what it 's like to have a tough case .
I know what it 's like when you feel like your client royally screwed you . "
" Hannah did n't screw me up .
I screwed myself when I started caring about her instead of just working like a lawyer should . "
Josie sat up fast and reached for her t - shirt .
She did n't want to be naked around Archer .
She did n't want a shred of intimacy in a life that was feeling so cold and out of control .
" You 've only known me for a year , Archer .
It 's all been so good for us .
You 've never seen me when things are n't good .
Now you are .
I ' m pissed and I ' m sad and I ' m torn up inside because something happened , and I was n't there for Hannah .
Her mother was n't there .
She 's just a kid and she was trying . . . "
Archer threw up his hands in frustration .
" Jo , stop qualifying this thing .
You could n't have done anything about this .
Hannah was bolting God damn it ! "
He walked toward the bed .
He put out his hand and smoothed Josie 's hair that had spiked where it rubbed against the pillow .
He put his hands on her bare thighs and hunkered down , speaking softly .
" I ' m sorry she 's hurt and I ' m sorry she 's going back to prison but shit happens , Jo .
You ca n't make the world right , you can only try to make some things okay . "
" I only had one case , Archer .
I used to juggle ten .
If only I had called Hannah once more last night .
If I 'd sent Linda home right away . . . "
her voice trailed off .
" But I did n't , did I ? "
" Hannah made her choices .
You did n't push her .
You ca n't defend someone who does n't want to be defended , " he pointed out .
" Or someone who is guilty ?
Is that the next part of your little sermon , Archer ? "
" Jo .
Please .
Do n't do this . "
Josie pushed his hands away .
He retreated but did n't back down .
" Look , " he said , " I gave you what I had and we both know what the prosecution 's going to do with it .
The fight between the Rayburns was about Hannah .
It looks like Hannah was running .
She admits to being in Rayburn 's rooms , she admits hitting him .
Call Klein .
See if you can work a plea .
The DA ca n't be too happy about the way things are going .
It could be in everyone 's best interest to make this go away . "
" What do you want , Archer ?
Why are you here ?
I do n't need anyone to tell me to throw in the towel .
I already thought about it . "
Josie dug her hands into the pillow .
" But that would make me a quitter , or a fool , because I believed Hannah .
Is n't that just the way I want to think of myself , as a loser and a fool . "
Archer found his pants and whipped them off the chair .
He was an easy - going guy but even he had his limits .
" I ' m saying you need to shake it off like a pro .
Your job is to make the call , take care of your client . "
" I ' m going to take care of her .
I ' m going to defend her . "
" You 'll lose . "
" You have n't even heard the defense .
How can you condemn her , and me , at the same time , Archer ?
You of all people . "
" I do n't want her to go down for life , Jo , but I do n't want you dreaming about that kid for the rest of yours . "
Archer pulled his shirt on and sat on the edge of the bed with his shoes in his hands .
He turned around so he could look at her .
Even in the dark Archer knew that all Josie wore were a t - shirt and a look of despair .
" Once the prosecutor finds the gardener you wo n't be able to argue self defense .
He was clear that Kip was aware his father was afraid of Hannah .
The accident investigation shows that Hannah was in Huntington to meet Miggy Estrada , the man she was arrested with last year , the man who broke into Fritz Rayburn 's apartments with her .
Estrada has disappeared .
Nobody is going to believe she 's just a poor , sick kid anymore . "
Josie raised her head defiantly .
" I ' m not going to do anything until I talk to Hannah .
I want to hear it from her . "
" You ca n't even talk to her !
She is unconscious . "
Archer threw up his hands , exasperation getting the best of him .
" God , Archer , I thought I could count on you .
I thought you told me to go for it , to find out what I was made of .
Guess we 're both finding out what we 're made of .
You can give up , Archer , but I sure as hell wo n't . "
" Time for us to get on with our lives , Jo . "
He pulled on his shoes .
He was ready to go .
" That 's all I ' m saying .
I already lived with one woman who suffered ; I do n't want to do it again .
Cut your losses . "
" I ' m not throwing Hannah away , " Josie insisted .
" I ' m not abandoning her , and I ' m sure as hell not going to pass judgment when she has n't had her God damn day in court . "
" It 's going to be worse for her if she does have it . "
Archer stood up , he towered over her .
" You 've proved you can get back in and fight , now prove you can do it right . "
" That 's what I ' m doing .
There are a million reasons to run .
Maybe she was just scared .
I 'll work my butt off to prove she 's innocent until she tells me different .
I do n't care about Rudy 's circumstantial evidence or what somebody told you today .
She 's hurt , and someone 's got to help . . . "
Josie 's voice was lost inside her somewhere .
Sentences were n't finished .
Tears were lurking .
She was a little girl again ; fighting to stay strong while her world was falling apart for no reason .
When Josie turned her back on him , curled up and left no room for him in her bed , in her life , in this case , Archer did the only thing he could do .
He left .


CHAPTER 34 " Guaranteed to slim your thighs , your butt , your abs in three weeks or double your money . . . "
– Infomercial 2 : 30am Monday Josie woke with a start and sent a cascade of papers over the side of the bed as she did .
It was less than two full days after Hannah 's accident , and less than seven hours until she was due in court to present defense arguments .
She 'd fallen asleep with her case files spread out over the blanket and the television on .
Archer 's report was among them .
Not that it mattered .
What Hannah had done since the fire would not be raised by the defense , what happened before it would be .
Archer did n't agree with the strategy ; Josie was going it alone .
They 'd work on what was between them when this was done .
She did n't think about missing Archer ; she just did .
Josie 's neck was crooked on the stack of pillows and her glasses were still perched on her nose .
Groaning , she shook her head to clear it and pressed on her neck to work out the knot .
She felt the stirrings of a second wind , snapped off the television , and tossed the remote at the foot of the bed .
TV may suck , but everything else was looking good .
Hannah was stable .
There was no permanent spinal damage ; the swelling on the brain had been reduced significantly .
Her arm would heal .
The internal injuries were being monitored .
Hannah would n't walk out of the hospital tomorrow but she would walk out .
In another day or two Josie would be able to talk to her .
Josie rolled off the bed and picked up the mess of papers on the floor , and put them in her briefcase .
The bedside light cast a bright circle on the rumpled spread .
The rest of the room was gray with middle - of - the - night light .
Max slept .
In the bathroom she threw some water on her face , ran her hands through her short , short hair , and mentally checked off the witness list .
Doctor Choi , an independent coroner would dispute the prosecution 's time of death .
There would be exhibits to chart the progress of Hannah 's path as she checked her surroundings , mathematical calculations that would prove it impossible for her to light two fires and then hide the matches .
Doctor McGrath would spend quality time going over the meticulous behavioral attributes of an obsessive / compulsive .
Rosa 's testimony would make a big splash .
A subpoena had been served on Lyn Chandler .
Worried about being disbarred , Lyn would never commit perjury .
Doctor Ritchland , an expert on child abuse , would testify that abuse victims seldom attacked , much less killed , their abuser .
Josie flipped off the bathroom light , picked up her briefcase , and shuffled through the bedroom to the hall .
Dropping her briefcase by the front door Josie turned to go back to bed , but stopped .
Every nerve tingled , sleep was forgotten as she narrowed her eyes and checked out the doors that led to her half finished patio .
A butterfly fluttered up in her stomach .
Someone was moving out there and they wanted in . Josie slid into the corner .
Okay .
She was scared .
Okay .
But not that scared .
Slowly , keeping flat to the walls , Josie backed out of the living room just as she heard a muffled crack of glass and the click of the lock .
In her bedroom , she eased the dresser drawer open and wrapped her hand around the heavy , cold metal of her father 's gun .
Stepping away , her eyes toward the bedroom door , Josie released the safety .
With both hands on the grip she pointed it out and away as she retraced her steps .
She paused in the shadows .
She could feel him in the house .
Pulling the gun into her chest , the barrel now pointed up and out , Josie stole a look around the corner .
His back was to her as he bent over her dining room table .
So casual .
So sure of himself .
Josie pulled her head back , laid her body tight against the wall .
She closed her eyes , slowed her breathing the way her father showed her – the way a soldier did – and ignored the pounding of her heart .
Committing her first impressions to memory – the exact time , the mode of entry , the stance of her intruder – Josie moved out from her corner , planted her feet wide , raised the gun stiff - armed and took aim .
" Stand up slow and make like Christ unless you want your head blown off . "


CHAPTER 35 He moved like a dancer , each vertebra rolling into place as he obliged her .
His arms floated up and were held out to the side .
He wiggled his fingers and rotated his hands to show his palms .
Nothing up his sleeve .
He shook out one foot and then the other .
A real funny guy but Josie was n't laughing .
She took long measured steps toward him and short cautious ones to maneuver around the broken glass and the open door .
She closed it with her foot .
He was a good boy and did n't move .
Her back was to the wall , the hula girl plates were above her and beneath those plates was the dimmer switch for the lights .
Josie turned it on high .
The man at her table closed his eyes and turned his head against the sudden brilliance .
Josie squinted but did n't look away .
He was young , black , and well fed but skinnier than she first thought .
From the back , all she had seen was his big jacket and baggy pants ; the pant hems were frayed from dragging on the ground , the jacket was army surplus , not service issue .
He wore a heavy sweater that was striped in dark colors .
There was a diamond in his ear .
His skin was smooth , his nose small , and his eyes glittered with amusement .
He sported a small goatee and an impressive mass of dreadlocks that cascaded over his shoulders and dangled over his brow .
" Hold up , mama . "
A gold tooth glinted as he smiled , trying to appease her .
" I ai n't gonna hurt one hair on your head , and I sure as hell do n't want none of my hairs to be hurt neither . "
" No problem .
Nobody will get hurt because we 're just going to wait right here until the police come . "
Josie reached for the phone on the kitchen counter and lifted the receiver .
" Aw , you did n't do that , baby . "
He started to lower his arms but Josie notched the muzzle up an inch .
" Come on , mama .
I ' m gonna drop ' em right here .
Right here , okay ? "
He lowered his arms inch by inch , testing her .
The barrel of the gun kept pace .
" Keep them where I can see them , " Josie warned .
" Call the man and I don ' tell you what I got for you , " he warned , agitated now .
Cautiously he picked up a spiral bound book that lay on the table and held it close .
" You want to help Hannah , then you be smart about the cops . "
Josie 's heart skipped at Hannah 's name .
The hand with the receiver quivered .
She narrowed her eyes , trying to read this man , trying to find that edge in her gut that would give her a heads up to be cautious .
It was n't there .
" One time offer , baby .
For Hannah , " the man sing - songed .
Slowly Josie put the receiver back in its cradle , never taking her eyes off him .
The gun was getting heavy .
She held it with both hands and waved him toward the hall .
Josie opened the door to the closet .
" Get in , " she said .
" What ?
You crazy ?
I won ' be going in there , " he cried backing up and waving his hands .
" Yes , you will .
Now get in until I let you out . "
Complaining , muttering , the man walked past her and into the hall closet .
He crossed his arms over his chest .
Josie held the gun at the ready .
" What 's your name ? "
she asked .
" Miggy , " he answered .
Josie nodded , shut the door and braced it with a chair .
Miggy Estrada .
How about that ?
Josie headed for the kitchen and the phone once more .
She dialed fast .
One ring and it was answered .
Josie leaned on the counter and said : " Archer .
I need you . "
* * * " ' Bout time .
You better be believin ' you 're gonna be sorry for treatin ' me so bad . "
" I 've heard it before you little piece of shit . "
Archer took him by the arm and sat him down at the dining room table .
Josie settled herself at the other end , and Archer took the chair next to her .
" Oh , big man .
Big old man , " Miggy shot back .
" Big enough , " Archer said smoothly .
" Now , where 've you been ?
What do you want ?
And why 'd you have to break in here to get it ? "
" I be at another club , man .
I didn ' know you was lookin ' and I didn ' know Hannah was hurt ' till this mornin ' , man .
And even if I knowed you was lookin ' , you think I ' m stupid enough to come straight to you ?
All that 'd get me is time , man .
I know ' bout court .
I know ' bout lawyers . "
" Yeah ?
Like what do you know ? "
Josie asked .
" Like if I tol ' you I 've been with Hannah , I tol ' you I been at the big house before the fire , you be pointin ' at me and sayin ' I done the crime .
I like Hannah , I don ' like her ' nough to go to the big house for .
Unh - huh , mama . "
" I do n't work that way , " Josie answered knowing any number of lawyers would lay blame on someone like him just to get their client acquitted .
" Look , I just want to know what you 've got .
I want to know why Hannah was willing to risk going to jail just to see you .
Are you lovers ? "
Miggy snorted and smiled , his gold tooth showing , " I don ' go with babies .
She 's a beauty , but a baby .
Hannah just need me to talk to .
She don ' think about jail .
She just scared .
You was gone , her mama was gone .
Her mama 's man come into the house and scare her , so she run to me . "
" Kip Rayburn was at the Malibu house with Hannah ? "
Josie asked .
Miggy 's head went up and down solemnly , his locks bouncing like springs .
" He tol ' her she was a lunatic , man .
He kicked her .
He made her afraid .
So when she saw him drive away , and her mama go with her man , Hannah got scared and come to me .
It 's always safe with me .
I don ' want nothin ' from her and she can talk . "
" Were you going to take her to Mexico ? "
Miggy shook his head .
" Naw , that don ' work .
Hannah and me tried before but she couldn ' do it .
Couldn ' leave her mama .
Hannah love her mama too much . "
He looked from Josie to Archer , his long lashed eyes looked pained .
" She hurt bad ?
I 'd hate it if Hannah is hurt bad . "
" She 'll be okay , " Josie assured him and left it at that .
The minutes were ticking by .
" But it 's going to be bad for her if she has to go to jail , Miggy .
If you 've got something for her , if you can help , then I need to know right now . "
" Hannah brought this .
She says anything happen to her , she wants the book safe . "
Miggy pulled the spiral bound book from inside his jacket .
For a split second he held it and then , with a flick of his wrist , he sent it sliding toward Josie .
Archer intercepted it .
He put it between the two of them .
Josie flipped open the cover .
Here was Hannah 's soul , and the talent Linda had sold for five hundred dollars .
Sketches .
Watercolors .
Ink and pencil .
Her own burned hand .
Red watercolor and ink .
The fingers were elongated and the injury magnified .
The work spared the viewer nothing .
Ruins of the house painted in pastel ; Fritz Rayburn 's face exquisitely etched into the strokes that formed the remains .
Archer saw it and traced the outline until Josie saw it too .
Josie turned the page .
Here was the sucker punch .
The dark haired woman was running away from the girl and the burning house was in the background .
This was a picture of Linda turning her back in horror .
Hannah was left behind .
" That girl 's got it goin ' on and she don ' know it , " Miggy said sadly .
Josie shut the sketchbook .
" She 's talented , Miggy , but this is n't evidence .
You did n't need to break in to give me this .
It wo n't help Hannah . "
" Was n't the pictures I wanted to give you , " Miggy laughed .
He got up again and took the book away from Archer .
This time Miggy opened it to the back pages .
" Was the writing .
Here . "
He pointed to a garden of scribbles .
Bubble printing that spelled her name .
The word mom in all its incarnations .
Bits and pieces of sentences .
Broken hearts sketched and snakes wound ' round columns of words .
Josie held it away so she could read without her glasses .
Poetry .
" Listen to this , " Josie murmured .
Cut off from help In my heart , my head Cut down to the quick By the person I loved Now dread So loyal , loving Deep in trust Given away for lust and lust and lust " She did n't exactly feel like part of the family , did she ? "
Archer noted and pointed to another note .
" It 's dated July 31 .
' Which Will He Choose ' .
She knew Fritz wanted Kip to divorce Linda . "
Josie lifted her eyes .
" Did Hannah know that Kip might divorce her mother , Miggy ? "
" For sure .
Thought it was all her fault .
Hannah thought every bad thing ever happen was her fault . "
Josie crossed her arms , " Archer , that 's what she meant .
The divorce , the problems between Kip and Fritz .
She thought they were all her fault for just existing .
The fire was just another bit of bad luck . "
" Rudy will say Hannah was trying to protect her mother by killing Rayburn , " Archer pointed out .
Josie buried her face in her hands .
When she dropped them , she talked to the table .
" I need something real . "
" I got somethin ' more , " Miggy dug in his pocket and handed Josie a piece of paper .
" I was gonna be leavin ' that .
That 's what you need to know . "
Josie read the note then shook her head as she looked quizzically at Miggy .
" Ask who was in the bedroom ?
Do you mean Fritz 's bedroom ? "
" Naw , " Miggy whispered dramatically .
" Her mama 's bedroom .
You know how Hannah 's always touchin ' and checkin ' everything in the whole wide world ? "
" Yeah , " Archer said .
" So , man , she checks everythin ' important but nobody ask what 's most important of all ? "
Miggy leaned back in his chair and grinned , that gold tooth glinting .
He held up a hand in a papal gesture .
" Her mama 's most important .
She look in on her mama every night .
Las ' thing .
Anybody ask what Hannah seen when she checked in that room the night the old judge died ?
" Well , did you ? "


CHAPTER 36 " Hannah ?
Hannah ?
Was Kip in bed when you checked on your mother the night of the fire ?
Hannah ?
Can you wake up enough to tell me about Kip ? "
– Josie Baylor - Bates Long Beach Memorial Hospital , 6 : 15 AM " Ask her . . . "
– Hannah Sheraton , Long Beach Memorial Hospital , 6 : 16 AM " Ms . Bates , you 've kept this court waiting . "
" I ' m sorry , Your Honor . "
Josie pushed through the bar .
The jury was n't seated but the press was ready .
Judge Norris was n't peeved , just curious .
" Do you want to offer the court an excuse ? "
he asked .
" No , Your Honor , only an apology . "
Josie put her briefcase on the defense table then stood at ease behind it .
Norris was bouncing slightly in his chair , thinking .
He sat up slowly and put his elbows on top of the desk .
A moment later he raised one hand and crooked his finger .
Josie stepped around the table .
Norris 's eyes flickered toward the prosecutor .
" You , too , Mr . Klein , if you like . "
Rudy joined Josie .
Together they looked up and leaned forward .
Norris covered the microphone .
" Your client , Ms . Bates , how is she ? "
Judge Norris asked .
" Still sedated , but healing .
They expect to transfer her to the prison ward in another week , perhaps sooner . "
Norris nodded solemnly .
" You understand that I ca n't allow another delay ? "
" Yes , Your Honor .
I ' m ready to move forward , " Josie answered .
" Mr .
Klein ? "
" The people are ready , Your Honor . "
Judge Norris motioned them back .
Rudy glanced at Josie .
She walked past him .
Both stood while the jury filed into the box then took their chairs when Judge Norris called the court to order .
For the record , he reminded them of the matter at hand and then he was ready .
" Ms .
Bates . "
Josie stood .
Her fingertips rested lightly on the table .
There were pages of notes for each doctor she had meant to call , doctors whose testimony would seem almost inconsequential if her gamble paid off .
She moved those notes to the side and looked instead at the ones she had frantically scribbled after seeing Hannah , ideas that she had relayed to Archer who , in turn , was searching for corroboration of the information Miggy had given them .
In this minute , as the courtroom waited , Josie agonized about her choice : build the case , or go for the jugular .
Finally she looked at Norris .
It would be the jugular .
" The defense would like to call Linda Rayburn to the stand . "
Josie turned around and watched the old Linda walk down the aisle .
If she was surprised to be called she did n't show it .
She was a woman above the fray , a lady who wore her money well .
Her dark hair was pulled into a low chignon once again .
On her ears were moons of Mabe pearls .
Her make - up was exquisite , her suit worth more than the jurors made collectively in a month .
Gone was the pretense that she was just a regular mom standing by her wronged daughter .
From the set of her shoulders , to the look in her eye , Linda wanted everyone in that courtroom to know that she was a Rayburn .
No one would compromise her or her family – especially Josie .
Linda took the oath .
Josie waited .
She could feel her heart in her chest .
She could hear every beat .
She was afraid that what she was about to do was motivated not by the quest for justice , but by her hatred of Linda who had committed a heinous crime against her daughter by leaving her .
If that 's what she was about , then Josie knew this would be the last time she stood as an officer of the court .
Taking a deep breath , she put the question of her personal intent out of her mind .
She would look into her heart later ; decide what her own truth was later .
Now the yellow legal pad was in her hands .
The notes were there to guide her , but they had been hastily written before dawn and they were inadequate in the face of Hannah 's directive .
Ask her .
Question : Was your husband in bed with you the night of the fire that killed Fritz Rayburn ?
It was a good question but one that would do no good without a properly laid foundation .
That was the way the law worked .
A trial was a building .
Josie had blocks , Rudy had blocks and the jury was watching each of them build their case like a house .
Rudy 's foundation was built on opportunity , forensic evidence ; Josie 's would be built on emotions , motives , and the consequences of personal failure .
The stronger foundation would win the day .
Leaving her notes behind , Josie walked toward the jury , turned and presented herself to Linda .
Before Josie could begin , the door in the back of the courtroom opened .
Everyone looked ; only Josie knew enough to be relieved .
She asked the court 's indulgence .
" A minute , if it please the court . "
With a flutter of his fingertips Judge Norris gave his permission for her to talk to Archer .
Archer looked Josie in the eye .
His were as she expected : a level playing field .
She could only imagine what he saw in hers .
He handed her a manila envelope .
Nothing more passed between them .
Archer took a front row seat .
Josie pulled out the contents .
She read quickly , digesting the information , understanding instantly that Archer had brought her the concrete she needed to convince the jury her foundation was strong .
" Ms .
Bates ? "
" I ' m sorry , Your Honor , " Josie mumbled and looked up .
It was Norris who had called but Linda who caught her attention .
In that moment Josie was blessed with the gift of absolute clarity .
She and Linda were not friends and never had been .
They had lived together as girls , parting just on the verge of womanhood .
What Josie had found amusing , exciting and exotic as a girl , she now recognized as nothing more than the underpinnings of Linda 's selfishness , arrogance and greed .
Linda had burst into Josie 's life again , and pulled her into this rollercoaster of a ride .
She had been stronger then Josie that night .
Now Josie had stepped out of the car and onto the platform .
She could see the trajectory of that rollercoaster and knew where it had to stop .
With the information Archer had brought , it would roll right up to Kip Rayburn 's doorstep .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , " Josie began .
" What kind of relationship do you have with the defendant ? "
" Hannah is my daughter , " Linda answered .
" Would you describe your relationship as close ? "
" Extremely .
Hannah and I have been through a lot together . "
" Mrs . Rayburn , were you married to Hannah 's father ? "
Josie asked .
" No , I was not .
Last I heard that was n't a crime . "
Josie ignored the editorial .
" So you raised Hannah without family support ?
No grandmother ?
No siblings ? "
" No .
No one . "
" Do you believe you were successful as a single mother ? "
" I think I did a good job .
We never went hungry .
We were always clothed .
There was always a roof over our heads . "
" Did you and Hannah live alone ? "
Josie 's expression remained neutral but Linda caught wind of something .
Perhaps it was just a slight flicker of Josie 's eyes narrowing , perhaps it was the way Josie rushed the question , eager to get to the answer that set her off .
Whatever it was , Linda was on her guard .
" Sometimes we lived alone , " Linda answered cautiously .
" When you did n't live alone , who were you living with ? "
" I dated while I was single .
Some relationships were more serious than others . "
" How many serious relationships resulted in new homes for you and your daughter ?
The daughter you were so devoted to . "
Josie asked .
" Objection , Your Honor , " Rudy called .
" Ms .
Bates ' attitude is judgmental and she is trying to influence the jury . "
" Mrs . Rayburn may answer the question , but let 's not communicate personal views by word or tone , Ms . Bates . "
Judge Norris nodded toward Linda directing her to answer .
" I do n't know exactly how many serious relationships I had , " Linda answered tightly .
" Two ? "
Josie suggested .
" More than two , I suppose .
I was single quite a long time . "
" More than five ? "
Josie gave her another option .
" There were a few , " Linda snapped .
" Some were personal relationships ; others were just people who became roommates . "
" How many female roommates did you have ? "
Linda hesitated .
That lip was disappearing under her top teeth .
It was a gesture that made her appear thoughtful .
The spark in her eyes made her seem dangerous .
To her credit , Linda kept herself in check when she answered .
" None were women .
I found men more suitable roommates .
They were more reliable .
You could always count on them for – friendship .
Men know the meaning of that word , unlike some women I know . "
Linda leaned forward slightly .
" But if you 're trying to imply that I slept around , I resent the implication .
I would like to point out it has nothing to do with the matter at hand . "
Judge Norris listened .
Rudy did not object .
They were as curious as everyone else where Josie was headed .
" I ' m trying to determine how often you and Hannah moved between the time Hannah was born , and your marriage to Kip Rayburn , " Josie assured her casually .
" I 'd like to know how many places you lived in those fourteen years . "
" I do n't remember .
I moved for better jobs , for opportunities .
I moved sometimes because I was seeing someone special .
I was looking for a safe place for Hannah and me to live and a good man to settle down with .
It took me awhile to find that . "
" How many times did you move , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie pressed , unwilling to be led down another path .
" I do n't remember , " Linda barked .
" I just want to be clear , " Josie suggested , unfazed by Linda 's tone .
" Each time you moved you were looking for the best situation for both yourself and your daughter , is that correct ? "
" Yes , that 's right . "
Linda relaxed .
" And no one was acceptable until you met Kip Rayburn , is that correct ? "
" I would n't say acceptable .
I did n't fall in love until I met Kip , " Linda explained .
" That 's the point , is n't it ?
Love . "
" Yes , Mrs . Rayburn .
That is exactly the point , " Josie agreed quietly .
A heartbeat later Josie was on track .
" Did the fact that Kip Rayburn was very rich , that he lived in a very big house , that he had a prominent name influence your decision to fall in love ? "
" I did n't decide to fall in love .
It happened and , yes , I was glad he was stable and financially secure . "
" So you married Kip Rayburn for love and because he could provide you and your daughter with a good home ? "
Josie asked .
" Yes , that 's right . "
" And concern for your daughter 's future was a large part of your decision , is that correct ? "
Josie prodded .
" Yes , of course , " Linda answered .
" So you chose a man who testified in this court that he took no interest in Hannah .
Who , in fact , had washed his hands of her ? "
" Objection , Your Honor , " Rudy called .
" Mr .
Rayburn 's testimony is part of the record , and I believe it is qualified by the fact that he regrets that he took little interest in the defendant . "
" Sustained .
If you have a question , Ms . Bates , ask it or move on , " Judge Norris directed .
Josie walked a few steps toward Linda .
Her chin was down ; her eyes were on the ground .
When she stopped , Josie raised her head and looked toward the jury box , but at no one in particular .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , was there ever a time you considered yourself a bad mother ? "
The only sounds heard in the courtroom were the staccato touch of the court reporter typing and the incredulous laugh that came from the witness stand .
Josie let her eyes slide past Linda toward Judge Norris .
" Your Honor , I would like this witness to be considered hostile to the defense .
I do not believe she has my client 's best interests in mind despite the fact she is the defendant 's mother . "
" How dare you , " Linda breathed .
" So directed , " Norris responded .
With that Josie gave her full attention to Linda Rayburn .
The gloves were off .
" Is n't it true , Mrs . Rayburn , that you have not been the perfect mother ? "
" At least I am a mother , Ms . Bates .
I do n't have to steal someone else 's child to feel like a woman , " Linda answered coldly .
Josie 's jaw tightened , her chin jerked slightly as if she 'd taken a well - landed blow .
Not that it mattered .
She was still standing and would be at the end of this .
" Your Honor , direct the witness – " " All right . "
Linda gave in quickly .
" No , I ' m not the perfect mother .
I do n't think anyone is the perfect parent or the perfect person .
We all do what we can to get by – including you . "
" Mrs . Rayburn , is n't it true that you often based your selection of gentlemen friends on their ability to take care of you financially , as opposed to a decision based on their character ? "
" No , that is not true .
I was not kept . "
Josie opened the envelope and pulled out a sheet of paper .
" In the last sixteen years your IRS returns show ten different residences .
Of those residences , you have lived with Kip Rayburn for two years .
That leaves nine residences since your daughter was born .
By tracking those addresses we find that , of those nine , your name only appeared on two leases .
Do you remember whose names were on either the leases or mortgages of those remaining seven residences ? "
" Not all of them , no , " Linda answered , touching those big , expensive earrings .
Her neck muscles corded .
She chanced a glance at the jury .
Josie did n't bother .
She knew exactly how interested they were .
" Let me refresh your memory , Mrs . Rayburn .
Dan Burdon of New York .
An investment banker .
Steve Witsick , New Jersey .
A gentleman who seems to have a rather large income from a trust fund , as well as two convictions for assault on women .
How about Dominic Cort – " Linda interrupted .
She lifted her chin .
" Yes , I remember them . "
" All of them , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
" Yes , " she answered coldly , " all of them .
Do you want me to list them ?
Do you want me to give you a list of all the men I slept with even if I did n't live with them ?
If that is what it is going to take to help my daughter , then I will do that . "
" Your Honor . "
Rudy raised his hand .
" Counsel is badgering the witness . "
" Overruled , " Norris intoned .
" The witness will confine her remarks to answering the question . "
Josie 's lips twitched .
She was pleased that the judge saw it her way , but she took no pleasure in doing what she had to do .
" Then , when you took the important step of moving in with these men , you believed those relationships would lead to a stable home for your daughter , Hannah ? "
" No .
I mean , yes . I . . . "
Linda 's fingers went to her throat before trailing down the open neck of her blouse .
To her credit , her voice was controlled and unapologetic when she spoke again .
Linda was good under pressure and she had figured out where this was going .
" I am not a saint , Ms . Bates , and I ' m not the best judge of character .
I 've often asked my daughter 's forgiveness for making choices that were n't appropriate .
I was young and stupid .
That 's not a crime .
None of that is a crime . "
Josie stepped forward crossed her arms on the wooden railing that separated her from Linda .
She could smell Linda 's perfume , and see the outline of her lipstick , and the shine of her gloss .
Josie studied her face then looked her in the eye .
Linda had finally made the wrong move .
" How about abandonment , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie asked clearly .
" Would you consider abandonment a crime ? "
" I imagine it would depend on whom one was abandoning , " Linda answered carefully .
Pushing away , Josie pulled another sheet of paper out of the envelope .
She walked a half circle in front of the witness stand .
" Your daughter , Hannah , for instance . "
Josie looked up from her papers .
She inclined her head like a relative concerned for Linda 's health .
" Would you consider it a crime to abandon a nine year old girl for , say , three days ? "
Linda blanched .
She turned her head toward the bench .
There was no help from the judge .
The jury strained to see , but could not .
Linda offered her profile to Josie .
Her expression was one of pure , controlled hatred .
Josie let the question hang , and it was Rudy who broke the silence .
His timing was off ; his objection lacked the right level of passion to be effective .
" Assumes facts not in evidence . "
" Sustained , " Norris directed solemnly .
Josie held a sheet of paper toward the bench .
The judge took it , looked at it and handed it to the clerk .
" Your Honor , " she said .
" I would like to submit a report from the Chicago Police Department as defense exhibit twenty - two . Mrs . Rayburn , were you arrested in July of nineteen ninety - four for abandoning your daughter in a hotel room in downtown Chicago ? "
Linda was still as a statue , pale as a ghost .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , " Josie demanded , " did you pay a fine and did you serve four months in jail beginning in July of nineteen ninety - four because you were convicted of abandoning your daughter , Hannah Sheraton , and endangering her life by leaving her with no money , food or supervision ? "
Slowly Linda swung her head back to Josie .
The two women stared at one another .
" Yes , " Linda said evenly .
" All that is true . "
" And where had you been , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
" I was . . . "
Linda hesitated .
A lie was in the making .
Josie could see it .
" What , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie pressed , moving one step closer , daring Linda to tell it .
" What could possibly have kept you from returning to your daughter ?
It must have been something dire .
An emergency ?
A matter of life and death ?
What was it , Mrs . Rayburn , that kept you from this daughter you loved so much ? "
" I had been with a friend and lost track . . . "
Linda hung her head .
If it had been anyone else , if it had been any other circumstance , Josie would have backed off .
But this was Hannah 's life that hung in the balance and the woman who held the key to exoneration had never once told the whole truth in her life .
" Lost track of what , Mrs . Rayburn ?
Time ?
You actually forgot about your nine year old daughter because you were . . . "
" I was partying , " Linda growled defiantly .
Her shoulders were squared .
She raised her voice and threw her head back .
She would not be cowed by this proceeding or shamed by Josie .
Josie , whom she hated for making Hannah believe in fairytales .
" I partied a lot back then .
I ' m not proud of it .
I was very young when I had Hannah , and it took me a long time to grow up .
In some ways she grew up faster than I did .
Are you satisfied ? "
" I simply want to be clear , Mrs . Rayburn .
You lived with a variety of men .
At one time you abandoned your daughter and were arrested for endangering – " " Your Honor , Mrs . Rayburn 's past is her past .
She is not on trial here . "
" Ms . Bates , enough .
Move on with this witness . "
Norris was peeved , Rudy confused , and Linda raging , but Josie was going to do this by the numbers because the only people that counted were in the jury box .
" Your Honor , Mrs . Rayburn 's past behavior goes to establishing a pattern regarding how Mrs . Rayburn 's parenting habits affected the defendant 's attempt to control her environment , " Josie argued .
" Then make it clear where you 're going , Ms . Bates , or drop this line of questioning . "
" Thank you , Judge . "
Josie discarded the manila envelope and went back to Linda .
" Let 's talk about Hannah growing up .
Did she ever complain about your lifestyle ?
Moving often , changing schools ? "
" No .
She never did , " Linda replied .
" Did you ever ask her if she minded moving ? "
" The subject never came up .
Hannah was a good girl .
She is still a good girl . "
" Did Hannah exhibit any displeasure or anxiety over the way you were living ? "
" You mean like give me trouble ?
Run away ?
Things like that ? "
" Yes , exactly , " Josie answered .
Linda shook her head , and the pearl earrings looked too heavy now .
" No .
She never did anything to cause trouble .
She always came right home from school .
Always did things around the house .
She was hardly ever gone . "
" Would you say she seemed obsessed with being home ?
Or at least obsessed with being in a place that was familiar because of your frequent moves ? "
Linda hesitated , " She stayed very close to home .
She sometimes became insistent that I stay close to home . "
" Was it about the time of your abandonment that Hannah started exhibiting the symptoms of her obsessive / compulsive disorder ? "
" Yes , " Linda answered quietly .
" She started counting then . "
" Did she do anything else ? "
" She began to touch things , especially in the house .
Doorways .
Windows . "
" Hannah was particularly attentive to ways to get out of whatever place you were living in , is that correct ? "
Josie asked .
" Yes , " Linda answered .
" And was it about that time that Hannah started checking on other things . "
" Yes , " Linda answered , clearly relieved that the spotlight had turned to Hannah .
" She would often check the locks on the doors before she went to sleep .
Sometimes she would check on toys , or clothes in the closet . "
" Would she follow the same path every night ? "
" Yes . "
" No matter where you were living ? "
" It did n't matter if we were in a hotel room . "
" Would it ever change ? "
" Only in terms of how long it took her , " Linda said , cooperating , anxious to have this done .
" It all depended on how big the house or apartment was . "
" And where was the last place Hannah checked every night before she could sleep ? "
" I do n't know what you mean ?
I mean the last place she checked was the last place , " Linda said , exasperated .
" Is n't it true , Mrs . Rayburn , that the last place Hannah checks every night is wherever you are sleeping ?
Is n't it true that Hannah can not go to sleep unless she is sure that you are in bed and asleep first ? "
Josie walked slowly toward her .
Linda 's worst nightmare was unfolding under the glaring lights of the court .
Josie could feel people investing in it , understanding it , waiting for Josie to ask that final question that would change the course of this trial barely moments after the defense had begun its case .
" Is n't it true , Mrs . Rayburn , that Hannah would look into your room four , five , sometimes six times a night to make sure you were there ?
To make sure that she had n't been abandoned once again ? "
Josie was one step closer to Linda then two .
With the third she stopped and Linda still remained quiet .
Josie raised her voice .
" Is n't it true , Mrs . Rayburn , that Hannah checked the room you shared with your husband , Kip , on the night of the fire that killed Justice Rayburn ? "
Josie had Linda now .
Norris stopped bouncing in his chair .
Rudy had leaned forward and crossed his arms on the table .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , " Josie demanded .
" Did Fritz Rayburn threaten to ruin your husband professionally if he did not divorce you ? "
" Oh , my God , " Linda breathed , her fingers shaking as they covered her mouth .
" Is it , or is n't it true , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie turned toward the bench .
" Your Honor , direct the witness to answer the question . "
" Objection , Your Honor .
Hearsay .
Mrs .
Rayburn could not have first hand knowledge of what was between her husband and his father . "
" That 's not true , Your Honor , " Josie said quickly .
" Hannah knew about the ultimatum .
I would like to mark her journal as exhibit twenty - three .
You 'll see that it indicates that she knew there was every possibility her mother and Kip Rayburn might divorce .
If my client knew of this arrangement , then it can be concluded that Mrs . Rayburn also knew . "
" I 'll allow this line of questioning . "
The judge waved her on .
Josie ran for the finish line .
" Did you know about that threat , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
" Yes , I did , " Linda answered .
" And do you know what your husband 's decision was regarding this ultimatum ? "
" He would never divorce me , " Linda whispered .
" Never . "
" So Kip Rayburn was willing to lose his inheritance , willing to endure the public humiliation his father was going to visit on him , all for you ? "
" Fritz never would have followed through .
He loved Kip . "
" He loved him so much he locked him in closets and he almost cut his finger off .
Fritz Rayburn loved his son so much that he enjoyed threatening him and controlling him even as an adult .
Fritz cared so much about his son that he wanted him to destroy the only thing he held dear – his marriage ? "
" Fritz played games .
That was all .
He never would have done it , " Linda insisted .
" And you were sure of that , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
" Yes . "
" Was your husband sure of that , Mrs . Rayburn ?
Was Kip Rayburn positive that his father was going to back away from that threat , or was Kip Rayburn driven to find a way to stop his father , Fritz Rayburn , from destroying his life ? "
Linda hesitated .
She looked at the judge .
Her eyes shifted to Rudy then darted frantically to the spectators , looking for someone who would save her from this .
That hand was back at her throat only this time the gesture was not alluring .
Her nails scratched a long red welt down her neck before she realized what she was doing .
" Objection , Your Honor .
Calls for a conclusion .
If Ms . Bates wants to know what Mr . Rayburn thought – " " Withdrawn .
Withdrawn . "
Josie waved her hands as if she could erase that question .
She closed the gap between her and Linda .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , do you know if Hannah looked into your room the night of the fire ?
Less than 48 hours after your husband had words with his father regarding your marital status .
After your husband violently attacked his father by throwing a heavy vase at Justice Rayburn .
Did your daughter check your bedroom that night ? "
" Yes , she did . "
Linda 's voice quavered .
" And was your husband in bed with you , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
The silence was full to bursting as the two women looked at one another .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , your husband was angry with his father .
Your husband testified that he had a heated argument with his father and had thrown a heavy object at him . Mrs . Rayburn , was your husband in bed with you when the fire started ? "
Linda leaned forward .
Her voice was low , her words for Josie only .
Her eyes were full of fearful tears and her lips trembled .
" Do n't go there , Josie , " she begged .
" Answer the question , please .
When Hannah did her nightly rounds and looked into your bedroom to make sure you had not abandoned her , did she see both you and your husband in bed ? "
" I ' m begging you , " Linda whispered , but her voice was harsh .
There was no pleading only a warning .
" Do n't do this . "
Josie put her hands on the wooden railing that surrounded Linda .
" Is your husband more important than your child , Mrs . Rayburn , the same way every man you 've ever been with has been more important than your child ? "
" Argumentative , Your Honor , " Rudy called .
" She is a hostile witness , Judge , " Josie shot back , her eyes never leaving Linda 's .
" She is hostile to this court , and to her child , and to anyone who might stand in the way of Linda Rayburn getting – and keeping – exactly what she wants . "
" Ms . Bates , ask the question , " Norris snapped .
" I have , Your Honor and I will keep asking it until I get an answer . "
" Do n't bother .
I 'll do it . "
Judge Norris took the matter out of Josie 's hands .
" No , " Josie roared .
" She is my witness . "
" Ms . Bates ! "
Norris was equally adamant .
" Step back . "
Reluctantly , Josie did as she was told .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , was your husband in bed with you the night the fire started ?
If you do not answer , or you do not answer truthfully , I will hold you in contempt of court and you will go to jail .
Now , was he , or was he not , with you ? "
The courtroom itself seemed alive .
The collective breath of all those present was held so that it seemed the walls heaved in anticipation .
" No . "
Linda choked on the word .
Her head fell back , and her long and beautiful neck arched toward the ceiling as she gave up , gave in and told the court what it needed to know .
" Did he go to bed with you ? "
Josie took over the questioning once more .
" No , " Linda admitted .
" Did he ever come to bed that evening ? "
" No . "
" How do you know that ? "
" I know because I was awake .
I was waiting .
He was upset that night . "
" With his father ? "
" Yes , with his father , " Linda shot back .
" Because his father had treated me badly in front of our guests . "
" Mrs . Rayburn , were you worried that your husband would give in and save his inheritance by divorcing you ? "
Linda shook her head , " Never .
Never .
If my husband was going to do that he would already have filed the papers . "
" So he was willing to give up his relationship with his father , his father 's partnership interest in the firm , and everything else to stay with you ? "
" I did n't say that , " Linda answered coldly .
" He said he would work it out . "
" And exactly how was he going to work that out , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie demanded .
" How was he going to do that ? "
" He was n't going to do it by killing his father , if that 's what you 're implying . "
Linda 's shoulders began to shake .
It was just a small tremor at first but Josie was close enough to see it begin .
This was not a manifestation of anger but of something else entirely : Linda Rayburn was breaking down .
The pressure of having to choose between truth and a lie was bringing her to the breaking point .
When she turned back to Josie , her shoulders had slumped in defeat , her face was pale , those green eyes that turned up so exotically were seeing the future , and it was n't pretty , or safe , or filled with promise .
" Then tell this court , do you know where he was when the fire started ? "
" No , I do not . "
" Mrs . Rayburn , " Josie began .
" Josie , please .
Do n't ask any more , " Linda begged .
" Kip did n't do anything .
I swear he did n't . "
Josie refused to listen .
She was overwhelmed by outrage on behalf of Hannah , the girl who had always paid the price for Linda 's cowardice and greed , the daughter who protected her mother at every turn , only to take second place to the men in Linda 's life .
Josie 's fist hit the railing , underscoring her next words .
" Do you know where your husband was , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
" No , I do n't .
I imagine he was sleeping in the guestroom .
He did that when . . . "
Josie twirled away and took two strides toward the jury box .
Every eye was on her , and every mind was following her lead .
" Maybe we should all imagine .
Maybe we should imagine that your husband was at the west wing of your home fighting with his father .
Maybe we should imagine that in his rage he pushed his father and the old man fell and hit his head . "
Josie whirled back toward Linda but went no closer .
" Maybe we could imagine that it was Kip Rayburn spilling turpentine on the floor and lighting a match so that he could protect his interest in Fritz Rayburn 's law firm and remain married to you .
Maybe we should imagine that ! "
Rudy was on his feet hollering .
" Ms .
Bates is making up a story .
This is not evidence .
This is fiction and conjecture . "
" This is a witness hostile to the defense , Judge . "
Josie stormed toward the bench , putting her hands on top of it as if she could force Judge Norris to validate her questioning .
" You designated her hostile and her refusal to . . . "
" No .
No , " Linda cried .
Nearly hysterical , she grasped the wooden railing , shaking it as if she might escape by tearing it down .
" No .
Do n't even say that .
Kip did n't set that fire .
He did n't hurt his father .
He could n't – " " He could n't what , Linda ? "
Josie whipped around .
She could feel the fire in her cheeks , she was caught up in the fight for Hannah , and she would not lose .
Josie was feverish with the infectious sense of victory .
This time she would win .
She would save the right person .
" Why not ?
Is it any more outrageous than imagining Hannah , that poor , confused girl could have set that fire ?
That girl who was so terrified of losing you , and her home , that she checked on you every night ?
Why is that any more reasonable ? "
" Because it 's just not right .
It 's not right . "
Linda 's bristled with anger , but behind her eyes there was true pain .
If Josie had not been caught up , if the end of her quest had not seemed so near , she might have been touched by that pain and loosened the tension on the lasso that was her questions .
But the momentum was too great .
She walked .
She pointed .
She raised her voice , and with her height she swooped toward the witness stand and tightened the rope around Linda , choking the answer out of her .
" Why could n't he have done it ?
Why is n't it right to ask that question ?
He was n't there with you in bed .
He did not come to the scene of the fire until it was put down .
He did n't call for help , you did .
You gave him time to get away .
You were protecting him all this time were n't you , Mrs . Rayburn ?
Protecting your husband over your own child .
Is n't that the case , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie 's voice rose to a sharp note that cut through the tension in the courtroom and divided the onlookers into those who could n't wait to hear the truth , and those who were afraid to .
With gargantuan effort Josie pulled back .
Her voice dropped .
She was exhausted .
Her hands fell to her sides and she pulled herself to her full height .
" He was n't in the bedroom when Hannah checked your room .
He had n't come to bed that night .
He was fighting with his father over matters that concerned his life , and yours .
There is no reason your husband could n't have set that fire , is there , Mrs . Rayburn ? "
Josie took a few steps forward .
" Is there , Linda ? "
Linda was crying hard .
Mascara seeped around the corners of her eyes .
The small scar at the side of her mouth looked ugly and raw ; Linda looked old and tired .
" Yes , yes there is , " Linda whispered .
" Then tell us , " Josie asked .
" Give us one good reason not to imagine Kip Rayburn setting the fire that killed his father . "
Linda raised her head slowly .
She no longer cared how she looked , or whom she spoke to .
She had made her decision .
" He could n't have done it because I saw who did . "
Each word was hyphenated with a sobbing breath .
Josie pulled away , as stunned as anyone in the courtroom .
She turned to the bench but there was nothing to say , no objection she could make .
Linda was confessing to the last thing Josie wanted to hear .
" I do n't know where Kip was .
He was n't even in the house .
It was Hannah .
I saw Hannah do it . "
" What ? "
Josie gasped .
She looked for the lie in Linda 's face but could n't find it .
All she saw was Linda 's struggle , her pain , her choice .
Linda was choosing to give Hannah up .
" Mrs .
Rayburn , do you know what you 're saying ? "
Judge Norris asked but Linda ignored him .
She wanted to talk to Josie .
" If you 'd just stopped when you should have , " Linda whispered miserably .
" If only you had done what I asked you to do and sent Hannah away this would n't be happening . "
" You saw her ? "
Josie choked on her own words .
" What kind of woman makes a mother do this to her own child , Josie ?
What kind of woman are you ? "
With that , Linda buried her face in her hands and still everyone could hear her asking : " How could you make me do that ?
How could you ? "


CHAPTER 37 There were things missing in Hannah Sheraton 's hospital room .
The contraption that held her head steady was gone .
The IV that had fed her was gone .
The pallor was almost gone .
Linda was gone .
Josie was there .
The television on the wall opposite Hannah 's bed flickered .
The sound was mute so Josie watched the closed captioning run across the programs as they changed .
She had made the news .
Cameras caught her leaving the courtroom pushing through reporters and family rights activists as Archer , huge and calm , cleared the way .
It was a frantic mime on TV but Josie 's brain rang with the memories of the sound .
The reporters : How do you feel , Josie ?
Are you giving up ?
Were you surprised ?
Enraged Family First activists : How could you push a mother that far ?
You accused Kip Rayburn .
Destroyed a family .
The world was furious with Josie but no angrier , no more disappointed than she was with herself .
She had broken the first rule of examining a witness : do n't ask the question if you do n't know the answer .
For two hours and fifteen minutes , as Hannah slept , Josie had sat in this room trying to figure out why she had done it .
Was she simply caught up in the drama of it all ?
The late night meeting of Miggy , the tantalizing information he had given her .
The possibility that Josie could not only exonerate Hannah , but also offer lady justice the real perpetrator in her place had proved to be a powerful draw .
Had she craved the headlines that would declare her to be a heroine who stood by Hannah when no one – not even her own mother – would ?
Josie put her head in her hands .
Who knew what her motivation was for running headlong into such a disaster ?
And who could tell why she needed to hear from Hannah herself that what Linda said was true ?
But there it was .
Josie would not leave until Hannah had admitted to this crime .
And even then . . .
Even then Josie was not ready to give up .
Josie knew that she could still defend Hannah and let the girl walk free .
She was sure of it .
Josie would call Ian Frank and May to the stand to corroborate Fritz 's threat against Kip .
She would call Rosa and the subpoenaed Lyn Chandler .
Josie would follow through with her plans to bring medical experts to testify .
She would grill Linda Rayburn and find out the last detail of what she thought she saw .
Josie would call Kip Rayburn and rip him to shreds in front of that jury .
Closing arguments would sound like a soap opera : Was it Kip ?
Was Linda protecting her husband by trading on her daughter ?
Was it Hannah who was lying and Linda who was telling the truth ?
Who knew ?
How could they find out ?
What evidence , she would ask , did the prosecution have that would convince them beyond a shadow of a doubt that Hannah was guilty ?
Certainly it would n't be Linda 's testimony , not when Josie was finished with her .
The jury would be exhausted , and Josie would offer them reasonable doubt like a soft bed .
All they had to do was fall into it .
Unfortunately , Josie could n't exhaust her own mind .
She planted her elbows on her knees and clasped her hands high enough that she could rest her chin on them .
She looked at Hannah Sheraton .
Are you guilty ?
Could you be ?
And if she was – and if Josie convinced the jury that Hannah was innocent – and if Hannah was freed – Josie 's ghosts were raising their heads just as Hannah Sheraton woke up and asked for water .
Josie stumbled as she got up .
She managed the water and Hannah managed a smile .
" Here .
Oh , God .
I ' m sorry .
I ' m not very good at this , " Josie said quietly .
She kept her fingers on the straw and guided it to Hannah 's lips .
When she 'd had enough , Josie stepped back .
" Want me to sit you up a little higher ? "
Hannah nodded .
Josie pushed the button .
The bed whirred .
The guard outside the door looked in more from curiosity than concern .
" You look better , " Josie said .
Hannah blinked , still caught in the twilight sleep of her medication .
She was getting better every day , but the process was slow and painful .
Josie pulled at the sheet and the thin blanket that covered Hannah .
The girl 's eyes fluttered closed .
She sighed .
Josie waited , looking around , noting the other things that were n't in Hannah 's room .
No flowers , no cards , no one to wish Hannah well , or offer hope that her troubles would end .
No one except Josie and Hannah knew it .
Josie felt Hannah 's fingertips touch the top of her hand .
Startled , she almost drew back .
Instead she took the girl 's hand in her own .
" I ' m so tired all the time , " Hannah whispered .
" I know , " Josie said quietly .
" You 're healing . "
" Where 's mom ? "
Hannah asked .
" I need to tell her something .
I need for her not to worry . "
Josie 's lashes fluttered , almost closing over her eyes .
She would n't tell Hannah the whole truth right away .
Instead , she said : " You mom went home .
It was a hard day in court . "
Hannah moved .
She winced .
She resettled , still unsure of what her body could do without causing pain .
Hannah lay back again , exhausted .
" I ' m sorry about the accident .
I wanted to tell you especially , " Hannah whispered .
" It does n't matter now , Hannah .
Really , it does n't . "
Josie 's thumb petted the soft skin on the back of the girl 's hand .
Hannah 's fingers were tapping Josie 's palm and under her breath , Hannah was counting as if reciting a nursery rhyme .
Josie could n't listen anymore .
" Miggy came to see me , Hannah . "
The counting stopped .
Hannah 's eyes closed but her chest rose and fell more quickly than it had when she was sleeping .
She was listening .
" He told me that you checked your mother 's room the night of the fire .
I asked your mother about that night .
I asked her if Kip was in the room with her .
She told me he was n't .
I thought he set the fire . "
Hannah 's closed her eyes tight ; her hand went slack in Josie 's grip .
She took a deep breath .
" Did she tell you what did happen ? "
Did she tell on me ?
Josie swung her head away .
She could n't look at this child .
She still was n't looking when Hannah opened her eyes .
Hannah tapped Josie 's hand – but just once .
" She told you something else , did n't she ? "
Hannah 's throat was dry again .
Josie moved to get the water but Hannah clasped her hand .
" Did n't she ? "
" She told me she followed you that night .
She told me she saw you light the fire . "
Josie looked into Hannah 's green eyes .
They were Linda 's eyes .
Truth teller or liar ?
How could Josie ever know ?
" She told you that ? "
Hannah whispered , tears springing to those eyes , shock reflected in them .
" My mom told you . . . "
" She told the court , Hannah .
The jury heard it . "
Josie moved her chair closer to the bed and hesitated .
The muscles in her jaw were tight to the point of pain .
The next words she spoke would seal their fate and tie them together for eternity .
If Josie were wrong , she would spend every night of her life waiting to hear that Hannah Sheraton had killed again .
But if she were right , Hannah would n't go to jail .
" Do n't worry .
I 've laid the groundwork .
The court knows that your mother abandoned you .
They know that she had more loyalty to Kip than to you .
I have witnesses that will testify that Fritz was abusive .
The jury will have no choice but to acquit .
You were only defending yourself when no one – not even your mother – tried to help you .
Do you hear me ?
I am going to win for you . "
Hannah convulsed .
Her chest seemed suddenly concave with the intake of breath .
Her hand tightened as she gripped Josie for one moment of grief and then she lay silent .
Finally , Hannah 's head turned on the pillow .
She looked right at Josie and in her eyes was the purest pain Josie had ever seen .
" I want to quit now , Josie , " Hannah said softly .
" No , no , Hannah . "
Josie held the girl 's hand tighter .
" I can discredit your mother 's testimony .
I can . . . "
Hannah shook her head .
Tears came out of the corners of her eyes .
Her voice quivered but her message was clear .
" Just tell the judge I want to stop now .
I know you wanted to believe .
I did , too .
But now let 's stop .
I ' m just tired , Josie , so let 's stop . "
Hannah looked at the ceiling .
" Tell him for me . "
Josie started to protest .
Hannah closed her eyes .
She did n't want to hear anymore .
Deliberately Hannah took her hand away from Josie 's .
It was over .


CHAPTER 38 " What do you want me to do with these ? "
Archer held up the stack of exhibits that Josie had planned to use in her defense of Hannah Sheraton .
She looked up from the files she was sorting .
She held out her hands .
Archer brought them over and stacked them against a chair so she could look .
" I do n't believe it , Archer .
I do n't believe she did it .
At least not the way Rudy made it sound .
If Hannah set that fire it was n't cold blooded murder , " Josie muttered , looking at one exhibit and then another .
" You do n't want to believe it , Jo , " Archer answered .
" I do n't either , but there was nothing else you could do after her mother testified . "
" I could n't be that wrong twice . "
Josie went on as if she had n't heard him .
Sitting cross - legged on the floor , she held up a piece of paper as if it would prove something .
" Look , here 's the timetable of her walk every night .
Hannah could n't have looked into that bedroom , made it to the west wing , set those fires , run back to her bedroom to stash the joint and matches under the mattress , and then go back and stick her hand in that fire .
The walk to the bedroom would just add too much time . "
Archer stayed silent .
He petted Max while he waited for Josie to run out of steam .
" And there 's something else .
Think about it , " Josie dropped the photo to her lap and looked at Archer as if he were a member of the jury .
" If you were Linda and you saw your child committing arson – whether or not you knew Fritz was upstairs – would you just stand there without screaming at her or trying to stop her ?
No , " Josie scoffed .
" You would try to stop her .
And if you did that , there would have been some physical evidence .
Extra matches dropped at the scene , marks on the ground , and maybe scratches on Linda .
And even if she did n't fight to get Hannah to stop lighting the fire , Linda would n't have just stood around and watched her kid stick her hand in the fire . "
" Maybe Linda stuck it in for her .
Maybe Linda was glad that Hannah was doing what she was doing , " Archer suggested .
" What ?
You mean she did n't stop Hannah because the outcome suited her ?
Possible , but not probable . "
Josie tossed the timetable back into the file , and the file onto the floor .
" I do n't know .
The more I think about this , the less sense it makes . "
" You 're making it too complicated , Jo , " Archer said .
" You 're assuming that the matches under her mattress were the ones used to set the fire .
You 're assuming Hannah ran back to the house .
They did n't search Hannah that night .
She could have had a pack of those matches on her and tossed ' em later .
Everybody was too busy with her hand , putting out that fire and finding the old man , to think about that . "
" Yeah , yeah , yeah . "
Josie leaned over and looked at another piece of paper .
" But the doctors .
What about them ?
They were positive that Hannah could n't have set that fire and destroyed her paintings .
I 'll never buy . . . "
" Jo .
Enough . "
Archer pushed Max 's snout out of the way and half rose from his chair .
He took the exhibits .
" It 's over .
It 's done .
Hannah 's sentenced .
And I ' m storing this stuff so you can sleep at night . "
" No . "
She grabbed them back , glaring at Archer .
" It 's only been a week .
Hannah may change her mind .
She may want to appeal . "
" Do n't hold your breath . "
He got up and went to the kitchen to grab a cup of coffee .
The pot was empty .
He talked to her from the doorway .
" She is n't saying boo to anyone , or anything .
She 's done with it , Jo .
You should be , too . "
" I have to do something .
I ' m going to try to get her a transfer to a psych ward .
It will be better than being a ' keep away ' or transitioning to the general population when she 's eighteen . "
Archer wandered back into the dining room .
He picked up a box and packed some of the exhibits .
Listening to her go on – again – as she got this out of her system .
" Did you see this ? "
Josie held a black and white picture toward him .
" I 've seen everything six times , babe . "
Archer pulled a length of tape and cut it with his teeth .
He switched it away from his lips and looked over his shoulder to glance quickly at the picture .
" Well , what did you make of it ?
I mean look at those indentations under the ash . "
Josie was peevish , like a single mother coming home after work to find the kids had trashed the place .
Archer hunkered down next to her , abandoning his chore .
He put his hand on her shoulder and looked at the picture .
" Those are Hannah 's footprints .
They matched ' em to the shoes she was wearing .
There 's no question on that one . "
" I know that .
But her footprints are on top of the ash .
I did n't think about that before . "
" Meaning ? "
Archer asked .
" Meaning by the time Hannah got there the fire had burned long enough to create a thin coat of ash on the ground .
Hannah stepped on top of it .
That means she was there after the fire started , does n't it ? "
" And she was probably there before the fire started .
Then she changed her mind and came back to try to put it out .
Hannah 's thought process is n't exactly linear , Jo , " Archer said .
" But it 's just a thin coat of ash .
Her footprints are on top but look underneath .
Look . "
Josie rummaged under a pile of papers and came up with a magnifier .
" Look .
See those evenly spaced indentations .
Whatever those marks are , they were made before the fire started .
The fire had been burning long enough to create that thin coat of ash and Hannah stepped on that .
The lab tested her shoes .
There was ash on them but very little dirt .
If she had walked into that room to set the fire her footprints would be on top of those indentations .
Right ?
Her footprints would n't have been on top of the ash .
Right ?
I do n't know why I did n't see that before . "
Archer chuckled but never cracked a smile .
Instead he squeezed her shoulder .
" Maybe the fire was started by a crazed golfer . "
" No , the indentations are too wide and shallow for golf cleats , " Josie mused .
Archer slid the picture from her fingers , picked up the file , and put it inside the box he was about to seal .
Josie watched him as he stacked three files together and put them in too .
Finally he taped it up , walked over to Josie , took her face in his hands , and kissed her forehead .
" Salt in the wound , Jo .
The gardeners probably made those marks .
Hannah said she tried to put out the fire .
That means the fire was burning .
If the fire was burning there would have been ash on the ground outside the door .
Come on .
Ash , no ash , little holes in the ground .
It does n't mean a thing .
Hannah copped to the deed . "
" She told me to stop , that 's different than saying she did it , " Josie said evenly .
Archer dropped his hands .
Only time would make this better .
He could n't kiss this and make it go away .
If he could take a picture and steal her hurting soul he would .
" Put it aside , Jo .
Go talk with Faye .
Come with me to Baja but whatever you do forget about this one . "
Josie hit the table leg with one hand and pushed off the floor only to plop herself in a chair .
" I just do n't want to believe it .
Everything was circumstantial about this case until we found out about the divorce thing .
You saw Kip , he is one cold son of a bitch .
He had every reason to . . . "
Archer put his hands on her shoulders and kneaded the tight muscles there .
Josie rotated her neck but nothing helped .
Archer bent down , kissed the back of her neck , the little naked part behind her ear where her hair had been razored .
He put his fingertips on the same spot .
" I ca n't listen anymore , and if I ' m not here you 'll stop talking . "
Archer picked up his jacket .
He opened the door and poked his head out .
" Least it 's stopped raining .
You should go for a walk . "
" Sure , " Josie muttered , but she was the only one who heard it .
Archer was gone .
Josie balanced on the back legs of the chair , still looking at the evidence photograph .
It was dark and grainy , hardly the kind of thing that would make a photographer 's career .
She counted the indentations across and down .
Josie looked at it until she was cross - eyed .
The photos of the fire scene , the photos of Fritz Rayburn , the photos of Hannah 's injuries , the photos of Linda standing next to Hannah by the fire truck , all those had been committed to memory .
But this one had been set aside , ignored , and now it seemed so damn important – now when everything was over and she had failed .
Josie sighed and let the chair fall back to the ground .
She tossed the picture on the table .
It was just another one out of a hundred photographs taken that night .
There were too many maybes , too much of a chance Hannah was guilty and a small chance she was n't .
Either way , Hannah had pled guilty in front of Judge Norris .
It was enough for the court .
That should be enough for Josie .
Hannah was gone , sentenced to life without the possibility of parole .
There was nothing more definitive than that .
Josie put all the files , the loose papers , the photos and charts into the case boxes and lugged them to the spare room .
She closed the door and hoped that in a week she 'd forget all that stuff was in there .
In the kitchen she rinsed out the coffee pot , she touched the message Archer had taken from Rudy Klein and thought about returning the call .
Instead , she picked up Max 's old pink leash .
" Hey , big boy , " she whispered as she crouched down beside him .
He raised his face as if he was going to kiss her .
Josie took his ears in her hands and nuzzled her cheek against his fur .
Max 's tongue flicked out and missed her .
She pulled back .
" It 's okay .
I appreciate the effort . "
Josie turned his collar , clipped on his leash , and went out the front door .
The night was moist and fresh , dark and deserted .
Josie and Max were halfway down the walk when Max fell onto his haunches , pulling Josie back .
He growled , his eyes glowing orange as a turn of his head caught the porch light just right .
Attuned to his instincts , Josie stopped short and planted herself .
She was ready for whatever , or whoever , was behind the overgrown bougainvillea bush .
Josie relaxed .
There was nothing to fear back there , only someone to loathe .
" What do you want ? "
Josie pulled Max close to calm him even though she 'd rather let him loose on Linda Rayburn .
Not that it would do any good .
The woman was like a cat with nine lives – always landed on her feet – and always seemed to land unexpectedly on Josie 's doorstep .
" I want to talk .
I think we need to talk . "
" When you want to talk , call .
This is my home .
You 're not welcome here . "
Turning on her heel , Josie went toward the beach but Linda darted at an angle to intercept her .
Josie sidestepped .
Linda followed .
" I need to talk to you about Hannah , " Linda insisted .
" Maybe you should talk to Hannah .
She 's been hoping for a little conversation from you all her life . "
" That 's what I want to do , but she wo n't see me . "
Josie pulled on Max 's leash .
They went around Linda .
It did n't help .
Linda followed , raising her voice , unwilling to give up .
" You think you 're the only one that feels bad ?
Do you think you 've got some lock on feelings , Josie ?
Josie ?
Come on .
Hannah is in jail .
I do n't want her to die in there without talking to me . "
" Then you should have thought about that before you did what you did . "
Josie threw that suggestion over her shoulder .
" You mean tell the truth ?
You mean I should have committed perjury ? "
Linda yelled .
" Is that what you mean Ms . Bates , attorney at law ? "
Josie stopped again .
She was on the bike path , almost at the beach .
She could outrun Linda in a flash .
She could leave her behind .
The problem was that Josie knew she was n't ready to leave Hannah behind , and Linda was the link .
" I ' m taking the dog for a walk , " she said tersely .
" Come if you want . "
Josie set a brisk pace but Linda was n't deterred .
She was shoulder to shoulder with Josie ; the dog was between them .
Josie slid a look toward Linda .
She looked different , but still beautiful .
Tonight she was in jeans , a turtleneck and a windbreaker .
Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail .
Josie 's sense of déjà vu – of Linda as a co - ed – was unsettling .
How often they had walked back to their horrid little apartment , tired from a workout , disappointed from a loss , or exulted by a win .
They had been so young , so able to bounce back from bad news and run with the good .
It was such a long time ago .
Now it took longer to reconcile disappointments .
Their losses were n't measured in points , but lives and confidence and affection .
Those feelings of camaraderie that Josie had once shared with Linda were gone for good .
They reached the pier .
Josie and Max turned left .
Linda might as well have been on a leash , too .
All three walked to the end , passing under the high lights , their illumination ghostly and flattened by the sea mist .
The last vestiges of rain hung in the air .
Their shoes were soft .
They were shadows gliding soundlessly over the weather worn wooden planks .
" I 'll have the files packed up by the end of the week .
Let me know who is going to be handling the appeal and I 'll send them along , " Josie said just to hear herself talk .
She was unable to walk with this woman in comfortable silence .
Suddenly Josie stopped , unable to keep what she was thinking inside any longer .
" I think you lied , Linda .
Or at best , I think you were n't sure what you saw that night , and I hope another lawyer can get you to tell the goddamn truth during an appeal . "
Linda 's head cocked to the side as she listened .
She lowered her eyes then wandered to the railing that ran the length of the pier .
Her shoulders rose and fell as she breathed in the salty ocean air .
Josie looked at her back , knowing that there was n't much to see below but dark .
" And what 's that truth , Josie ? "
Linda asked .
Josie took a step forward and then another .
Her voice was low , her words were sure .
" I think the truth is that you would have said anything to protect your husband .
Or maybe you just wanted all this to be over and pointing the finger at Hannah was the way to make that happen . "
Linda raised her head .
Josie could see the lovely curve of her cheek , her thick , dark hair , and those long lashes that shaded her exquisite green eyes .
" What you 're saying is that it never was , never could have been , Hannah . "
Linda sighed .
" Why is it you 're the only one who sees clearly , Josie ?
I 've always wondered that ?
Why are you the final word ? "
" I ' m not .
I only ask the questions until I ' m convinced I have the final answer .
In this case , I do n't think I 've got that . "
Linda lifted her face to the ocean breeze .
She inhaled .
Josie could hear the breath come out of her mouth for a long time as she exhaled .
Finally Linda turned around and rested her elbows on the railing .
She crossed her feet at the ankles .
" It 's kind of moot , Josie .
There wo n't be an appeal if Hannah does n't want one , and how am I going to know if Hannah wo n't talk to me ?
Hannah wo n't talk , period . "
Just then a huge wave cracked against the pilings .
Max skittered behind her at the sound .
Josie pulled him close then stuck her hands in the pockets of her jacket .
It was a nesting night , the kind of weather that inspired beach people to light wood in fireplaces long unused , the kind of night that made Californians think they were actually having a season , the kind of night that Josie treasured when she shared her bed with Archer .
Josie 's soul was tired .
Her mind was tired .
She did n't want to fight with Linda anymore .
" What do you really want , Linda ?
Do you want to be friends ?
If that 's it , then you can just turn around right now .
We never really were friends , and we sure as hell are n't going to be now . "
" No , I ' m not here for me .
It 's Hannah , " Linda admitted .
" I was hoping you would try to convince her that she needs to see me .
It should n't end like this between a mother and daughter . "
" Shit happens between mothers and daughters , Linda .
Get used to it .
Leave it alone for awhile , " Josie said , offering the best advice she had .
" Easy for you to say , she 's not your daughter .
But you tried to make her feel like she was .
You tried to take her away from me with all that understanding crap you fed her , " Linda said peevishly .
" Now I want Hannah back .
I want you to go ask her to talk to me .
You owe it to me to at least to try , Josie .
I mean after everything you did . "
" You know what , Linda ?
I think we all screwed up big time .
So if you want to talk about debt , if I owe anyone , it 's Hannah .
And pay back is n't getting you a face to face so you can get under that kid 's skin again .
That 's about where I ' m willing to leave things .
I ' m sick and tired of the both of us . "
" Do n't give me that .
I did what I could , " Linda snapped .
" Yeah , you were real helpful when you testified .
There 's nothing like an eyewitness account from the defendant 's mother . "
" What choice did I have ? "
Linda cried as Josie started to walk back down the pier .
When Josie did n't stop , Linda hurried after her .
" Tell me , what choice ? "
Josie laughed softly and shook her head .
She stopped walking .
" You 're forgetting one thing , Linda .
I did n't ask you if you saw who set the fire , I asked where your husband was when the fire was set .
If you 'd answered the question I asked , Hannah would n't be in prison right now . "
" Yeah , " Linda shot back , " and Kip would be there for something he did n't do .
That 's a choice ? "
Josie started on again .
This argument was accomplishing nothing .
" Give me a break .
You put Hannah in prison , not me , and I ' m not going to try to get you off the hook . "
" Jesus , do n't say that , " Linda breathed , " I swear , it just came out when you were pounding on me about Kip .
It was n't fair .
It just made me so mad that Hannah would tell you that Kip was n't in bed .
After everything he did for her .
I could n't believe she would be that ungrateful .
She 's the one that made all this happen . "
Josie threw up her hands and wiggled Max 's leash .
He started to walk a little faster .
She went with him and Linda followed .
Angrily , Josie kept talking .
" Hannah never said a word against you , or Kip .
Not one .
It was her friend from rehab who told me .
Miggy Estrada came to my house and gave me Hannah 's sketchbook .
He told me Hannah checked on you every night .
He told me about Chicago . "
" That loser ?
He 's the one that did this ? "
Linda cried in disbelief .
" If Miggy 's such a loser , and he 's who Hannah went to for help , what does that make you ? "
At the end of the pier Josie jumped the few feet to the still wet sand and helped Max .
When Max hit the ground they both headed toward the water , the night air did nothing to cool Josie 's frustration .
Linda jumped down too and jogged to Josie 's side .
The breeze kicked up .
The fog had come in . Linda 's hair had frizzed around her face .
She pushed the stray hairs back behind her ear and followed when Josie took a sharp left to dodge the wash of a wave .
Linda grabbed Josie and twirled her around .
" Listen .
I did what I could do ever since that kid was born .
Maybe I did n't ask Hannah all the right questions because I did n't want to hear the answers , okay ?
I was afraid to hear them .
You did what you could do to save her , but the fact of the matter is Hannah finished this whole thing by pleading guilty . "
" So leave me out of whatever else goes down now , Linda . "
Another wave was coming in .
It broke a few feet away and skittered up the sand .
Josie stepped back .
Linda did the same but not fast enough .
They both looked down just as the water pooled around Linda 's shoes .
" Damn . "
Angrily Linda lifted her foot to shake off the seawater then stepped back when another wave followed close behind .
Josie stayed put .
The water ran over the top of her shoes and Max 's paws and rushed back out to sea .
It left the sand glistening with wet , smooth again as it waited for the next wave – or the next footstep that would leave an imprint .
Oh my God .
Josie 's psyche doubled over with the brutal blow that had just been delivered .
There in the shimmering sand was a pattern Josie had seen before .
They were shallow indentations at the heel and toe ; the same pattern that had been left at the door of Hannah 's studio .
It was a pattern that belonged to the person who walked into the west wing before the fire started , the person who left before Hannah 's paintings fueled the fire that killed Fritz Rayburn .
Those marks were made by a murderer ; those marks were made by Linda Rayburn .
" Josie .
Jesus , you 're going to get soaked . "
Startled , Josie looked up .
The water came again but Josie was rooted to the ground .
She looked at Linda 's feet then back at the sand until finally she caught Linda 's curious gaze .
" Oh , Christ . "
Josie pulled Max close .
He stumbled with her , away from the water .
She stumbled in the sand , lurching backwards , knowing one thing and one thing only .
She needed to get away from Linda Rayburn .
" Look , it 's late .
I 've got a lot to do , Linda .
I ca n't help you anymore .
I ca n't .
I just ca n't . "
Josie started toward home but Linda took her arm .
Max 's tail went down and a growl came up .
Josie looked at the hand that held her and then up into Linda Rayburn 's face .
The breeze blew Linda 's ponytail over her shoulder and nipped at the back of Josie 's bare neck but it was the look in Linda 's eyes that raised the goose bumps on Josie 's skin .
" I want to go home , Linda , " Josie said quietly .
" Okay .
I just want to make sure we understand each other . "
Linda put her free hand in her pocket .
Josie tensed .
Her eyes darted over the deserted beach .
If Linda had a knife or a gun in that pocket Josie needed a plan but Linda had neither .
She had an envelope .
" I have your check . "
Josie looked at it and tried not to shrink away .
She could n't touch this blood money ; she could n't bear the touch of this woman who had given up her only child to save herself .
Josie 's brain pounded with that knowledge .
She had been so blind ; ignoring Linda 's questions about eyewitnesses and Hannah 's survival .
" We 're square , Linda . "
Josie shook off Linda Rayburn 's hand and backed away .
She kept her eye on Linda Rayburn a minute longer , then turned and trudged across the sand , careful to walk even though she wanted to run .
Gulping air in an attempt to calm the beating of her heart and clear a mind that was racing with the implications of what she had just seen Josie tried not to arouse Linda 's interest .
Her back burned where she was sure Linda was watching , her interest sharp and keen .
At the bike path , Josie chanced a glance over her shoulder .
Linda was standing where Josie had left her but she was looking out to sea , not at Josie after all .
Linda 's hands were in the pockets of her jacket .
Her feet were wide apart and her head was up .
She should have looked lonely standing there on that stretch of beach ; instead Linda Rayburn looked as if she was an army of one and was stronger than the invading force .
Josie jogged the rest of the way home .


CHAPTER 39 " Archer .
It 's Jo .
Call me back ASAP .
Sooner than that .
Call me . "
– Josie Baylor - Bates , 10 : 34 PM " Hi there , Josie .
What are you doing ? "
Linda Rayburn 's voice was so sweet she could have been greeting a lover .
That lilt might have called him back to her bed or teased him into a favor or put him on notice that she was on to his game , but Linda Rayburn was n't talking to a lover .
She was calling to Josie who knelt on the floor of the spare room in a puddle of light from the lamp on the small table .
Josie stiffened when she heard that sultry , peppery voice .
Her hands trembled and her stomach turned with a sudden sickness .
Bad times were coming .
The landlord was there , and the rent was due .
Frozen in mid - air , Josie 's hands hovered over the array of photographs she had ripped out of their file jackets and spread on the floor .
Slowly , she sank back on her heels as Linda Rayburn circled around , towering over her , confident as could be .
" Did I leave the door open ? "
Josie 's eyes were steady as they met Linda 's .
There was no flicker of surprise , no current of fear to betray her astonishment at finding Linda standing in her home – uninvited , unexpected , and unwanted .
Linda 's shoulders raised playfully , a coquette 's apology .
Her smile was charming and edgy .
" Nope .
Front door 's closed up tight , " she said .
" I did n't know you could pick locks , Linda . "
" Did n't have to , Josie .
This is n't the most secure place in the world .
You should have had someone take care of that broken pane on the back door .
Easy as pie to get in . " Josie was lulled by the shadows in the room , Linda 's casualness .
Her jacket was zipped up so that the collar framed her face .
Her cheeks were rosy red from the cold .
She was wearing gloves .
Josie did n't remember her wearing gloves while they walked .
There was sand on the carpet .
Linda 's shoes had tracked sand into the house .
Her shoes .
Josie was looking at them – staring at them – when Linda laughed .
" Your game face is n't so good anymore , Josie , " Linda chided .
" There 's something on your mind , and I have a feeling it just might have something to do with me . "
" Not everything revolves around you , Linda . "
Josie tried to fake .
Linda was n't fooled .
She chuckled .
" Oh , I think you 're fibbing .
I saw something change out there .
You did n't think I noticed that ?
It was like a friggin ' light bulb going on over your head . "
Linda leaned forward and pantomimed .
The smile faded , her eyes hardened .
" Why do n't you just tell me what got your short hairs up ?
Does it have something to do with what you 're looking at , Josie ?
What 's that ?
There . "
Linda nudged the photographs with her toe .
" That one .
What 's that one ? "
Josie picked it up and held it out to Linda .
It was self - explanatory but Josie said : " You and Hannah by the fire truck . "
Linda took it .
Her brow furrowed .
" It was two o' clock in the morning when the fire broke out . "
" I did n't exactly look my best . "
Linda let the photo flutter to the floor .
" You were dressed , " Josie pointed out .
" You were fully dressed , Linda . "
" I threw some clothes on when I saw the fire .
It 's just a top and slacks , my shoes .
It took a few seconds . "
" But you saw Hannah start the fire , " Josie reminded her .
" That 's what you testified to .
You saw her .
If you saw her , then you had to be dressed before the fire started .
Then you had to be outside when the fire started .
Why were you outside ? "
Linda checked out her nails .
She looked around and found little to interest her .
" Hannah looked in my room .
I knew she did it every night .
I followed her when she left . "
" Did you stay dressed every night just so you could follow her ? "
" No .
Just that night .
I did it that night , " Linda said , wary now but still in control .
" She was having problems with Fritz , Josie .
She was n't in her right mind .
A good mother looks out for her child .
I wanted to make sure she did n't get into any trouble . "
" If you were following her , Linda , why did n't you stop her before she set the fire ? "
Josie moved slowly as if her position was uncomfortable and she wanted to settle in while they talked .
She put her hands on the ground , a runner 's stance .
She tried to get up but Linda raised her foot , put it against Josie 's shoulder and eased her down .
" I like it this way .
Why do n't you just stay there , " Linda suggested .
Josie sat down again .
This time her legs were to her side , her hands on the floor next to her .
Her eyes were sharp , trained on Linda 's face but also her hands .
Above all , Josie wanted to keep Linda 's hands in sight .
She knew how quick Linda could be .
" What was the question , Josie ?
I forgot .
It 's so different when you 're sitting in front of everyone in a courtroom .
Then you remember every question .
You have to really be sharp in a courtroom .
It 's different here .
All cozy .
I just forgot what you asked . "
" I want to know why you did n't stop Hannah if you saw what she was doing .
There were two flash points .
You could have seen the first one in Fritz 's room through the window .
Hannah would have had to take time to spill the turpentine , to light the match on the second .
You 're strong .
Even if you were n't , you could have stopped her just by calling her name .
Hannah would do anything for you .
But I guess you know that . "
" No , " she sighed , " I do n't think I could have stopped her .
I was too far behind .
I was n't sure which route she took .
It was a huge home .
A perfect home , Josie .
It was a perfect life . "
" Hannah took the same route every night , Linda .
Mrs .
Peterson testified to that . "
" Maybe she did n't that night .
Things can always change , " Linda said .
" But , with all these questions , it seems you think something else happened . "
" Maybe you were there before Hannah .
Maybe Kip was n't the only one missing when Hannah looked into your room .
I mean , if you lied about Hannah setting the fire maybe you lied about you being in bed .
In fact , I never asked you if you were there , did I ? "
" Ooh . "
Linda pursed her lips .
" That 's a good one , Josie . "
" Maybe you were n't so sure about Kip 's undying devotion after all .
Could that be it ? "
Josie baited her .
" That 's a lot of maybes , Josie . "
" That 's my job , but sometimes I ' m not so quick .
But look . . . "
Josie reached for the box next to her .
Linda 's foot shot out .
She stepped hard on Josie 's hand .
Josie crumbled and gasped , gritting her teeth against the pain as Linda brought the full force of her weight down on her .
" There 's nothing in there but pictures , Linda .
I promise . "
Linda eased up .
Josie slid her hand from underneath Linda 's foot .
" Look , I just want to show you Hannah 's sketchbook . "
Linda stayed close enough to control Josie if she had to .
Cautiously , Josie reached inside the box .
Carefully she opened the book .
" I thought this was a picture of you leaving Hannah behind .
But this is Hannah watching you run from the fire you set .
She was confused and scared , and her beautiful paintings were in that downstairs room . "
Josie raised her eyes .
" Hannah did n't lie .
She did try to put out the fire , and she did n't even know Fritz was lying upstairs .
She did n't know because she lied about that , too , did n't she ? "
" Fritz was abusing her .
She did n't lie about that , " Linda said lazily .
" I ca n't believe that bastard did that to Hannah . "
" No , I mean the other thing .
Hannah had been in his bedroom .
She did n't hit Fritz , you did .
That first night I saw you there was a scrape healing on your knuckles .
It could have been a week old .
Your DNA and Hannah 's would be virtually identical . "
Josie pushed the sketchbook toward Linda .
She pushed it as far as she could so that she had to lean forward and balance on her knees .
Josie raised her eyes , still talking , tensing her muscles and gauging Linda 's balance .
" Hannah was willing to take the rap for you , was n't she , Linda ? "
Linda walked to the far corner of the room , moving as if choreographing a war dance .
Six steps and then a turn .
Her head was in profile and her neck was taut .
She was out of range .
Josie relaxed and watched for the next opportunity .
" It was n't supposed to be like that .
Everybody was supposed to bend over backwards to make this go away because Hannah was a minor , because she was Fritz Rayburn 's granddaughter .
It was a great plan considering how fast I had to come up with it when they figured out the fire was n't an accident . "
Linda threw her head back and raised her eyes heavenward as if to ask for answers not forgiveness .
" Who would have thought they could make a case out of all those little , idiotic things : matches and hair in his bedroom and everything ?
I almost died when you asked Klein to name eyewitnesses during the bail hearing .
Remember that ?
I figured I was dead right there . "
Linda turned again .
She was staring at Josie with such intense hatred Josie felt it searing into her .
" And then you made it all so much worse .
A plea , Josie .
That was all I wanted .
Just plead her out , send her to a hospital .
She was sick , anyway .
A couple of years would n't have made a difference .
But no , you had to go for it .
You had to win .
Do you know how hard it was to face my kid everyday knowing that all the promises I 'd made her were shit ? "
Linda sniffed and turned up her nose .
" And she just stood there and took it .
Hannah reeked with that damned sanctimonious silence , her unadulterated love , that whole mother / daughter thing .
You do n't think there was a shit load of guilt there for me ? "
Linda touched the table , the wall .
" Then there was you and Hannah .
She trusted you , not me .
That really hurt , Josie .
It truly pissed me off .
More than that , it worried me .
I thought she 'd tell you the truth .
I knew you 'd come after me if she did that . "
" Then why did n't you tell me the truth ?
I could have helped you . "
Linda took a deep breath and let it out .
She splayed her legs .
Josie 's eyes went to the shoes .
Linda did n't notice .
" That is a stupid question .
Fritz wanted me gone .
Hannah thought it was her fault that Fritz was making Kip divorce me , and all the time it was just another little fun activity for Fritz to enjoy .
Kip had no patience with Hannah .
He resented her .
Do you think if I was indicted Kip would hang around ?
I explained all this to Hannah .
She understood . "
" Oh my God .
You blamed her for ruining your perfect gig ? "
Josie managed to sit back on her heels again , ready once more to sprint if she had to .
" No , dammit ! "
Linda struck the wall with her fist .
" I was telling her the facts of life .
The fact is there would n't have been any problems in my life if I did n't have her .
It took me years to find someone suitable , someone who loved me enough to take me with that kid in tow .
I did what I had to do to protect us .
I got rid of that damn freak of an old man .
I saved myself .
I saved Kip .
I saved her .
I saved all of us .
When she was arrested , it was her turn to do what she had to .
That 's just the way things shook out . "
Linda twirled toward Josie .
She fell to the ground , right onto her knees so that they were close enough to feel one another 's breath .
" Hannah was screwed without me and she knew it .
If Kip divorced me we 'd be back on the street , me sleeping with anything that had enough money to feed us .
If Kip stayed with me , and Fritz cut him off , we 'd still be back to square one .
No money .
No prestige .
Nothing . "
" Linda , listen to what you 're saying , " Josie said quietly .
" Kip is a lawyer .
You would n't have been destitute .
It never would have come to that . "
Linda 's eyes blazed as her face came closer still .
She tipped her head as if she might kiss Josie .
Instead she pointed out Josie 's stupidity slowly , almost sensually .
" And we would n't have been rich . "
She pulled away .
" Kip would n't have lasted a minute in a two - bedroom track house with me and Hannah while he got himself situated . "
Josie shook her head , trying to understand what Linda was telling her .
" Did you ever once think about Hannah ? "
" That 's all I did , you bitch , " Linda hissed .
She threw herself away from Josie and curled up against the wall .
" I did n't mean to kill Fritz .
I just wanted him to be reasonable .
But he laughed at me .
He called me names .
He told me I was trash .
I hit him .
He fell .
There was blood .
After that , I knew it would be more than a divorce if Fritz had his way .
He 'd prosecute me , and he 'd enjoy it .
So I tried to cover it up . "
Linda chuckled a little .
She pulled her ponytail over her shoulder and brushed at it .
" I guess it did n't surprise me when the cops figured out Fritz had n't exactly died a natural death , but what did surprise me was Hannah .
I thought after a few nights in jail she 'd give me up .
The stupid little piece of useless baggage loves me .
Do n't get me wrong I love her , too .
I ' m not saying the choice was easy .
But the closer you got to trying to put this off on Kip , the more I knew it was her or me .
That 's what it really boiled down to .
Just survival .
It 's always been about that . "
Linda 's voice trailed off .
She blinked as if she could n't see clearly any longer .
" You know , when Hannah was in the hospital I prayed that she would die .
Not just for me , but for her , too .
She would n't have to worry anymore .
She would n't have to be afraid anymore .
Hannah could go to heaven and count angels with God . "
" No , Linda .
You wanted Hannah to die because it would be easier for you .
She 's not the bitch , Linda , but then you 've known that all along . "
Before she got the last word out Linda flew forward , hand raised , and slapped Josie , catching her behind the ear .
Josie fell to the side , her head hitting a chest of drawers .
There was a taste of blood but it was inside her mouth , somewhere she could n't quite locate .
She righted herself .
On all fours , Josie let her head hang as she tried to keep still until the room stopped spinning , praying Linda would n't hit her again .
Her prayers were answered .
Linda stood up and walked circles around Josie .
" You 're just as bad as she is .
Always passing judgment .
Oh , you never said anything when we were in college but that judgmental thing was always there .
Just like Hannah .
It was in your eyes .
In the way you did just the opposite of what I would do .
It was always there in the way you would n't say things , Josie .
Jesus , you two are like nuns .
Like martyrs .
I hate martyrs . "
Linda was breathing hard .
It took a lot of energy to tell her version of the truth .
Josie raised her head .
The pain behind her eyes was excruciating , the ringing in her ears agonizing , the story fascinating .
She closed her eyes and waited , opening them when she felt a touch .
Linda had hunkered down and put her fingers under Josie 's chin .
She was lifting it .
Josie saw stars when she tried to yank her face away .
" Josie , " Linda said conversationally , " there just was n't any choice .
What would happen to Hannah if I went to jail ?
Who would take care of a crazy , half - breed kid like her better than I did ?
Do you think Kip was going to step up to the plate ? "
" There were other choices , Linda , " Josie said .
" You could have left Kip . "
Linda barked a laugh .
She poked at Josie 's shoulder .
" Oh right , like I was going to leave Kip ?
I ' m forty years old .
My looks are n't going to last forever .
I ' m not a lawyer .
How would I have supported Hannah ?
How would I have paid for all those doctors ? "
" Maybe if you just made a living and loved your kid , she would n't need all those doctors , " Josie answered back .
Linda shook her head ; her hand was swift , moving in a knife - like , manic gesture , " Still telling me what 's best for me and mine .
God , do you ever stop ? "
She grew quiet and thoughtful as she fooled with the fingers of her glove .
Her brow furrowed .
" The only thing I feel bad about is Fritz hurting Hannah . "
She looked up ; her gaze seemed sharper than usual .
" The funny thing is , if I had known about it Fritz would still be alive .
I could have threatened to tell about the abuse ; he 'd have to stop messing with Hannah and back off the divorce thing .
It would have been a damn simple Mexican standoff . "
Linda pushed Josie , clipping her shoulder .
She was so angry .
" What in the hell are you looking at ?
What have you been looking at all this time ? "
Josie 's head lolled from side to side .
She looked disoriented , confused .
She slurred her speech .
" Your shoes , " she managed to say .
" What about them ? "
Carefully Josie sat back , feigning confusion .
Her head still hurt but the nausea caused by Linda 's blow was almost gone .
Josie reached for the photos , finally finding the one she wanted .
Sitting on her heels , Josie handed it to Linda .
" What is this ? "
" Hannah 's footprints outside the door where the fire started , " Josie whispered .
" So ? "
" Her footprints are on top of the ash , " Josie said .
" So ? "
Linda drew the word out until it sounded like an obscenity .
" Underneath the ash are indentations . "
Josie took a deep breath trying to clear her head , disgusted at the simplicity of it all .
" Just like the soles of those driving shoes you 're wearing .
Tod 's .
Shallow , rounded cleats . "
Josie swung her head up .
She felt a hell of a lot better now .
" You walked into the west wing before the fire started and you walked out before there was ash on the ground .
Hannah saw what you did .
She walked through the ash into a burning house to save her paintings .
You ran away .
Hannah could have died in there .
You . . . are . . .such . . . . a bitch . "
With that , Josie lunged for Linda 's leg and swiped it from beneath her , chopping to the back of her knee .
Linda 's leg buckled and she let out a cry of surprise and grasped at the side table .
The table toppled : the lamp fell .
Caught up in it , Linda tried to throw it away but succeeded only in pulling the plug out of the socket .
In the dark Josie scrambled up , balancing herself on the tips of her fingers .
She took the first step in a sprint for the door but the glossy photographs were like black ice .
Her front foot slid out from beneath her .
Josie landed in a split that sent her sprawling before she tucked into a roll , protecting her head as she hit the doorjamb .
A second later she scrambled up , grabbed for the door and pulled herself forward .
Behind her , Linda swallowed a bellow of rage .
Just as determined , Linda charged .
A bigger woman , she hit the wall hard with her shoulder but Josie was faster .
She threw herself into the living room , lost her balance then righted herself .
The sense of triumph did n't last long .
Linda was on her , clutching at Josie 's leg , pulling hard enough to lay Josie face down and flat .
In a second , Linda had Josie 's left arm in a lock behind her back .
Straddling her , Linda Rayburn leaned over until she was lying on top of Josie , pushing the breath out of her .
Linda 's cheek was against Josie 's hair , her lips near Josie 's ear .
" What are we going to do now , Josie ? "
Linda pulled harder , wrenching Josie 's arm until it felt like it was being pulled from its socket .
" Do n't be stupid , Linda . "
Josie huffed , barely able to breathe much less speak .
" You 've left enough trace evidence in this place to make a case . "
" And so has that idiot , Miggy .
He 'll be the first one they go after if I kill you .
Your friend Archer will back me up , wo n't he ?
Bet he knows Miggy was here .
My fingerprints are n't on anything but I 'd bet a million that his are .
I 'd bet . . . "
Josie heard it before Linda did .
Max 's growl .
Josie strained to see him but her face was pressed hard into the floor .
She caught a glimpse of him struggling to his feet .
He barked loud and long .
" Shut up ! "
Linda screamed and yanked harder on Josie 's arm .
" Shut him up ! "
Josie cried out in pain .
Max lunged but he was old and did n't get very far .
He growled and snapped as Linda fought him off , scuttling off Josie long enough to kick the animal in the chest .
Max yelped , and then the yelp turned to a whimper .
Josie looked back in time to see him stumble and Linda go after him in a blind fury .
Linda screamed and kicked him again and again .
She picked up a lamp and clubbed him .
Max went down , his legs giving out as he backed away .
It was all the time Josie needed .
She ran to the hall and into the dining room heading for the back door .
Linda was on her in a second but Josie twisted away and reeled into the dining room wall .
Above her , her mother 's plates shook loose .
One hit Josie 's shoulder , and the other hit the floor with the crack of gunfire as it shattered .
Linda whirled toward the sound .
Locked in on Josie , Linda hurtled across the room , tossing chairs out of her way .
Her hip hit the table and threw it off center .
Josie pushed back against the wall and sank to the floor , steeling herself for the assault .
Linda would be on her before Josie knew it .
She watched .
She waited .
Linda drove forward , thinking of nothing but keeping Josie from telling her secrets , thinking only of herself , and that was Linda Rayburn 's downfall .
No strategy .
No patience .
No game .
She lunged .
Terrified , Josie still held her ground , judged Linda 's trajectory and moved at the last possible moment .
Gripping a shard of pottery Josie raised her hand and slashed .
She felt the give as the sharp edge of the plate fragment hit skin and tore through veins ; Josie prayed she could hold on long enough for it to work through an artery .
Instantly , Josie 's hand was covered in blood .
It spurted onto her face and into her hair .
Josie turned her face away but it was too late .
The blood was in her mouth , her eyes , on Linda Rayburn as she fell into Josie Baylor - Bates ' arms .
The impact sent them both skidding across the wooden floor , crashing into the corner of the room .
Josie 's hand was still on the shard of porcelain and that shard was still buried in Linda Rayburn 's throat when the outside door was kicked open .
The last thing Josie saw was a gun , a man in blue and Linda Rayburn 's bloody neck as she was lifted off her .


CHAPTER 40 " In a stunning turn of events , Linda Rayburn was indicted for the murder of California State Supreme Court Justice , Fritz Rayburn .
She is being held without bail pending her trial .
You may recall that her daughter , Hannah Sheraton , pled guilty to the crime but new evidence showed that . . . "
ABC News Josie turned off the ignition .
She knew the story by heart .
Newspapers , radio , television , there was n't a reporter in the country who had n't called her for a comment .
She had declined them all .
The sun had come back with a vengeance and October was looking like a record setter .
Taking off her baseball cap Josie tossed it in the back seat , slid her sunglasses down her nose and checked out her black eye in the rear - view mirror .
It was n't looking too bad .
More green than purple , the bruise should be gone in another week .
Her left arm was in a sling but she cheated and opened the door with her left hand anyway .
After all , her arm was n't broken , just a good old - fashioned dislocation .
She took a deep breath and stepped down from the Jeep .
It seemed a lifetime ago since she 'd been here to meet Hannah .
Thanks to Archer she was alive to remember the first time .
Surprised by Linda , Josie had n't hung up the phone just right .
When Archer got back from Burt 's his answering machine was still recording the sounds of a struggle .
He led the charge .
He brought the cavalry .
Archer wrapped Josie up in his arms and carried her to the ambulance .
Not a word was said .
What he felt was in his touch , and in his eyes .
That was Archer 's way .
He found Max and got him to the vet .
Since then he had nursed them both with such tenderness , in such watchful silence , that Josie wept with gratitude when she was alone .
No one had ever treated her as if they were afraid to lose her .
But now she was well and Archer had kissed her goodbye , knowing what was being done today had to be done alone .
Josie crossed the parking lot , opened the door to Sybil Brand prison , checked with the officer in charge and waited for Hannah Sheraton to be released .
Ten minutes later , Hannah stood in the doorway and for the hundredth time Josie Baylor - Bates was struck by her beauty .
That skin was still the color of milk chocolate ; her green eyes were still as clear and bright as an emerald .
The only thing that was different was Hannah Sheraton walked toward Josie Baylor - Bates and stopped only twice to step back and begin again .
Hannah smiled softly , sadly .
She put out her hand .
It was completely healed but still carried the scars of the fire .
Josie nodded .
She smiled .
She touched Hannah 's hand and then her hair .
" I think you 're going to start a trend . "
Hannah 's hand went to the tight curls of the new hair that was growing in over her scar .
Broken , mended , always a scar .
Just like the hula girl plate .
The tongue and nose studs were gone .
The heavy bandages on her arm were gone .
The make - up was gone .
Everything about her was bare and fragile as if she was rice paper waiting for the gentle stroke of a brush to define her .
" Maybe , " Hannah said shyly .
Awkwardly , she pointed to Josie 's eye .
" You 're hurt , too . "
" So , I guess we 've got something in common , " Josie said .
She put her hand on Hannah 's shoulder .
Come on .
Let 's get out of here . "
Together they walked out the door .
The prison was behind them , the Jeep in front .
Josie rounded to the driver 's side .
She took her time getting in and winced when she reached in the back for her hat .
Hannah stopped her .
She was the one who got the baseball cap and put it on Josie .
Hannah leaned back and made sure it was straight .
" Okay ? "
Josie asked , touched by the gesture .
Hannah nodded and both of them sat in silence , looking at the prison .
" Josie ? "
" Yep . "
" I ' m sorry for my mom .
I ' m sorry for everything . "
" It 's all right . "
Josie took the keys from her pocket .
But Hannah would n't leave it at that .
" I just could n't tell you what really happened .
You understand that , do n't you ? "
" I do n't think I 'll ever understand it .
I ca n't imagine giving up my life for anyone , not even my mother , " Josie said .
She fiddled with the keys , knowing they had to have this conversation but somehow wanting to just skip over it , leave it behind .
" If you 're asking if I ' m upset with you , I ' m not .
Everybody does what they have to do . "
" You 're not even mad about what she tried to do to you ? "
Hannah asked .
Josie twisted , sitting gingerly so she could look Hannah in the eye .
" I ' m not exactly happy .
In fact , I ' m royally ticked off .
I 've never had anyone try to kill me before .
But , Hannah , that 's what your mother did and you are not your mother .
I ' m not my mother .
How can I be angry with you for something she did ? "
Hannah lowered her lashes , " Because I am her .
I lied like my mother lies .
If I told you the truth , then you would n't be hurt . "
" That does n't make you her , Hannah , " Josie assured her .
" You stayed quiet because you loved her .
Your mom wanted to protect her money and her security .
She was willing to gamble with your life and all the while you were protecting hers .
There 's a big difference . "
Hannah 's eyes were trained on the low - slung building where she could have possibly spent the rest of her life .
" I do n't think she thought of it as gambling .
She had a plan , but it just did n't work out the right way and she got scared .
You know that snowball thing ?
First she figured she would n't get caught .
Then she figured you would get me off .
When you wanted to go to trial you just painted her into a corner .
You have to understand , my mom has been scared her whole life . "
" And you have n't been scared ? "
Josie asked quietly .
" Not the way she is .
I 've never been scared like that . "
Josie touched the bill of her cap ; she tipped her face toward the sun .
It was so hot .
It felt so good .
She wanted to be on Archer 's balcony .
Instead , she was back in school , rooming with Linda Rayburn .
Josie spoke more to herself than to Hannah .
" Your mom used to act like she had the world on a string .
I do n't know what happened . "
" Nothing happened , " Hannah answered .
" She was always afraid of being alone , of having nothing .
She used to curl up in a corner and cry when she did n't have someone to take care of her .
I took care of her .
That was my job because she gave me life .
I would have taken care of her forever . "
Hannah sniffed .
She put her elbow up on the window .
" Who 'll take care of her in there ?
Who 'll take care of her when she 's scared ? "
" I do n't know , honey , " Josie said truthfully .
" I do n't think she deserves to go to prison , " Hannah whispered .
" Not really . "
Josie looked toward the prison .
They did n't speak .
They looked at that place the same way they had watched the stars in Malibu the night Hannah counted only to two .
The night Hannah had touched Josie 's hand and her heart and her mind .
Finally Josie asked the question that seemed so obvious to her but had flown under Hannah 's radar .
" Did you deserve to be there ? "
Hannah closed her eyes and pulled her bottom lip under her teeth .
So like her mother but so much her own , brave woman .
Josie did n't wait for a response because it would be a long , long time before Hannah would be honest enough with herself to answer it .
Josie put the key in the ignition and started the car .
Hannah opened her eyes .
She put on her seat belt and looked straight ahead .
Josie wondered if Hannah was well enough to see the future , or was just taking a last look at a place she never wanted to see again .
" Where are we going ? "
she asked as they turned toward the freeway .
" Have n't got a clue , " Josie answered .
" Let 's try to figure it out at my place . "
< < < < > > > > Here 's a look at the next Josie Bates thriller !
More than 250 5 * Reviews !
SILENT WITNESS


Turn the page to read an excerpt !


Silent Witness excerpt ~ Prologue ~ He shot the naked woman at nine thirty in the morning ; the naked man was in his sights at nine forty - five .
Three more shots : the front door and address , the woman 's car nestled in the shadows of an Acacia tree , the man 's car parked in front of the house – as subtle a statement as a dog pissing to mark its territory .
The camera started to whir .
Archer decided he had enough to satisfy his client that the missus was n't exactly waiting with bated breath for him to high tail it home .
Archer reloaded and stashed the exposed film in his pocket then let his head fall back against the Hummer 's seat .
Cradling the camera in his lap , Archer felt his body go heavy as his eyes closed .
He was tired to the bone and not because he had another couple of hours to wait before Don Juan decided to pack up his piece and take his leave .
This tired was in Archer 's soul ; this tired crept way deep into that heart muscle and made it hard to pump enough blood to keep him going .
He moved in the seat , put one leg up and tried to stretch it out .
There was n't a comfortable place for a man his size even in this hunk of Hummer metal ; there was n't a comfortable place in his mind for the thoughts that had been dogging him for days .
He hated this gig , spying on wayward wives .
No self - respecting cop would be doing this kind of work even if the wronged husband was paying big bucks .
But then Archer was n't a self - respecting cop anymore .
He was a part - time photographer , a retired detective , a freelance investigator and a man who was running on empty when it came to making ends meet this month .
And then there was the anniversary .
He did n't want to think about that either , but it was impossible to clear his mind when California autumn had come again , a carbon copy of a day Archer would just as soon not remember .
It had been sunny , like today .
Bright sky - blue up high , navy in the deep sea .
A nip in the day air .
Cold at night .
Lexi , his wife , was sick .
And then there was Tim .
God , he hated thinking about it .
But on a day like this , with too much time on his hands , it could n't be helped .
Archer stirred and held the camera in the crook of one arm like a child .
His other one was bent against the door so he could rest his head in his upturned hand .
He moved his mind like he moved his body , adjusting , settling in with another thought until he found a good place where it could rest .
Josie .
Always Josie .
The woman who saved him from insanity after Lexi died .
They 'd hit a little rough patch lately but even that did n't keep the thought of her from putting his mind in a good place .
Sleep was coming .
What was happening in the house was just a job .
The other was just a memory .
Josie was real .
Josie was . . .
Archer did n't have the next second to put a word to what Josie meant to him .
The door of the Hummer was ripped open , almost off its hinges .
Archer fell out first , the camera right after .
Off balance already , he was defenseless against the huge hands that grappled and grasped at his shoulders and the ferocity of the man who threw him onto the asphalt and knelt on his back .
" Jesus Christ - " Archer barked just before the breath was knocked out of him .
" Shut up , fuck face . "
The man atop him growled and dug his knee into Archer 's back , taking hold of his hair .
Archer grunted .
Shit , he was getting old .
The guy in the house not only made him , he got the drop on him .
Archer ran through what he knew : the guy was a suit , one seventy tops , did n't work out .
He should be able to flick this little shit off with a deep breath .
Hands flat on the ground , Archer tried to do just that but as he pushed himself off the pavement he had another surprise .
It was n't the guy in the house at all .
The man on his back was big , he was heavy and he was n't alone .
There were two of them .
While the first ground Archer 's face into the blacktop , the second found a home for the toe of his boot in Archer 's midsection .
Archer bellowed .
He curled .
He tried to roll but that opened him up and this time that boot clipped the side of his face , catching the corner of his eye .
The blow sent him into the arms of the first man who embraced him with an arm around his throat .
Archer 's eyes rolled back in his head .
Jesus that hurt .
His eyelids fluttered .
One still worked right .
He looked up and stopped struggling .
The guy who had him in a headlock knew what he was doing .
If Archer moved another inch and the man adjusted his grip , Archer 's neck would snap .
As it was , the guy was doing a fine job of making sure Archer was finding it damn hard to breathe .
His eyes rolled again as a pain shot straight through his temple and embedded itself behind his ear .
He tried to focus , needing to see at least one of them if he was going to identify them when – if – he got out of this mess .
They could have the car .
No car was worth dying for .
But he could n't tell them to take it if he could n't speak and he could n't identify them if he could barely see .
There were just the vaguest impressions of blue eyes , a clean - shaven face , and a checked shirt .
Archer 's thoughts undulated with each new wave of pain .
Connections were made then broken and made again like a faulty wire .
The one that stuck made sense : these guys did n't want his car but they sure as hell wanted something .
Just as the chokehold king tightened his grip , and his friend took another swipe at Archer 's ribs , one of them offered a clue .
" You asshole .
Thought you got away with it , did n't you ? "
That was not a helpful hint


Thrillers by Rebecca Forster The Best - Selling Witness Series HOSTILE WITNESS ( # 1 ) SILENT WITNESS ( # 2 ) PRIVILEGED WITNESS ( # 3 ) EXPERT WITNESS ( # 4 ) EYEWITNESS ( # 5 ) FORGOTTEN WITNESS ( # 6 ) DARK WITNESS ( # 7 ) BEFORE HER EYES THE MENTOR CHARACTER WITNESS BEYOND MALICE KEEPING COUNSEL ( USA Today Best Seller ) To contact me and to see all my books , visit me at : RebeccaForster . com Go back to Contents





* Title Page Title Page { { { 1 # MOUNTAIN MAN


# # # The Smith Brothers # 1


# # Sherilee Gray


* Copyright Copyright { { { 1 Copyright © 2017 by Sherilee Gray


All rights reserved .


No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means , including information storage and retrieval systems , without written permission from the author , except for the use of brief quotations in a book review .


* * *


Cover Design : Cover Couture


Photos ( c ) Shutterstock


Photos ( c ) Depositphotos


[ www . bookcovercouture . com ] ( http : / / bookcovercouture . com )


* Contents Contents { { { 1 # # # Contents


[ About Mountain Man ] ( about - mountain - man . xhtml )


1 \ .
[ Birdie ] ( chapter - 001 . xhtml )


2 \ .
[ Hank ] ( chapter - 002 . xhtml )


3 \ .
[ Birdie ] ( chapter - 003 . xhtml )


4 \ .
[ Birdie ] ( chapter - 004 . xhtml )


5 \ .
[ Hank ] ( chapter - 005 . xhtml )


6 \ .
[ Birdie ] ( chapter - 006 . xhtml )


7 \ .
[ Hank ] ( chapter - 007 . xhtml )


8 \ .
[ Birdie ] ( chapter - 008 . xhtml )


9 \ .
[ Birdie ] ( chapter - 009 . xhtml )


10 \ .
[ Hank ] ( chapter - 010 . xhtml )


[ Epilogue ] ( epilogue . xhtml )


[ Also by Sherilee Gray ] ( also - by - sherilee - gray . xhtml )


[ About the Author ] ( about - the - author . xhtml )


[ Swerve - Excerpt ] ( swerve - - - excerpt . xhtml )


* About Mountain Man About Mountain Man { { { 1 # About Mountain Man


Hank Smith saved my life , carrying me through a blizzard to his mountain cabin .
He does n’t like strangers , and he does n’t like leaving his sanctuary .
Now I ’ m trapped here with him until the snow melts .


I see him looking at me .
He tries to hide behind a gruff exterior , but I see the longing and the heat burning in his eyes .
I know he wants me , and I ca n’t resist him .
I want to feel those big , rough hands all over my body .


But once he ’s unleashed his raw , barely tried desire on me , will I be able to leave my mountain man behind , or will he make me his ?


* * *


_W arning : The Smith Brothers are not just identical twins , they ’re big , burly , bearded , insanely hot mountain men .
They ’re also sweet , and very , very dirty .
Did I mention dirty ? _


* 1 .
Birdie 1 .
Birdie { { { 1 # # 1


# Birdie


I was going to die .


My teeth started chattering harder .


The snow was n’t just under me now , it was settling on me .
The voices of my hiking group , calling my name , had long since faded .
Now all I could hear was the wind whistling through the trees , though , with the way it had picked up , it was more like a banshee scream .


The weather report said it would be fine over the weekend , clear and cold , but perfect for a winter hike into the mountains .
The weatherman had been wrong .
This was n’t fine , this was a full - on blizzard .


And now I was going to die .


This was what I got for trying to make friends .
For trying something new .
I was used to being alone ; I had been most of my life .
Which was why working in the Eaglewood library , since I ’d moved to the small Colorado town six months ago , worked for me .
It was n’t exactly a hub of social activity .
Why I ’d suddenly decided I needed to get out and meet new people was beyond me right then .
And hiking of all things .
What had I been thinking ?


Tears stung my eyes .
_What was I going to do ? _
I ’d stopped feeling my hands and feet a while ago and I was pretty sure I was minutes away from hypothermia .
Not feeling my extremities was the only good thing to come of this .
At least my throbbing sprained ankle was only a memory .


Maybe I could walk on it ?
They always said to stay in one place if you got lost , but I ’d been sitting there , waiting for what felt like forever , and no one had come for me .
I needed to find shelter , somewhere less exposed .


Mind made up , I clung to the tree beside me and tried to drag myself to my feet .
A scream tore from my throat when I tried to put weight on my ankle , and I fell back to the ground .


Okay , maybe I was n’t as numb as I thought .
Black shadows hovered at the edge of my vision .
I was going to pass out .


What was that ?


There was a speck in the distance , but it seemed to be coming closer ?
No , my eyes were playing tricks on me .
The shadows started to close in as I watched the speck get bigger , until it was n’t a speck anymore .


It was a …


Yeti .


I screamed , or at least I thought I did .
I needed to run , but my body refused to obey me , or even move .
The shadows grew darker , narrowing my vision to a pinprick .
The yeti was a few feet from me now and I struggled to remain conscious .
It reached for me …


Everything went dark .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


My brain , my limbs , felt sluggish and I could n’t open my eyes .


I was warm , though , so warm my cheeks felt hot .
I tried to open my eyes again , but it was a serious struggle , so I stopped trying for the moment .
I lay still , letting the neurons in my brain try to fire back to life .
It took a while , but slowly the haze started to clear .
With my eyes closed my other senses had kicked in . Something smelled amazing — earthy , musky , woodsy .
I could n’t work out exactly what it was .
There was a soft crackling — an unmistakable comforting sound .
A fire .


I ’d been found .
Someone had rescued me .


I burrowed deeper , deciding that opening my eyes was no longer a priority .
I was safe .
I was warm .
I was alive .


I tried to move my foot , which throbbed dully , to assess the damage , but it was being held by something .


That ’s when my brain snapped back to full consciousness .


There was something big and hot wrapped around me .
My fingers flexed against what I realized was a chest , a hairy one .
The something was male , and that male was …


Naked .


Huge arms were wrapped around me and my feet were trapped between what I could only assume were solid , hairy calves .


_Oh God . _


I was naked as well .


My eyes snapped open .


My vision was filled with a wide , bare chest , with dark hair covering bulging pecs .
I shoved , and the human bear surrounding me grunted but did n’t release me .
I tilted my head back , about to scream , but realized he was asleep .
I pressed my lips together and bit back my shriek .
Waking him was the last thing I wanted to do .


His head was tilted down , like he ’d been watching me when he fell asleep .
Short , thick black lashes rested against his cheeks and he had a thick beard covering the lower half of his face .
I could n’t see much more .


I glanced around .
I was in a basic log cabin , the open fire blazing on the other side of the room , and furs on the floor .
There were guns leaning against the wall by the door , which was secured with a long , thick piece of lumber that I did n’t think I ’d be able to lift even if I could escape my human manacles .


The arm around me was a dead weight .
I could n’t move it .
Tears started filling my eyes as panic set in .


Maybe if I slid out from under his arm ?


I started sliding downward …


His eyelids snapped open and vibrant blue eyes locked on me .


I screamed , tried to jerk back , and when those monster arms did n’t let me go , screamed some more .


The huge man ’s eyes went wide , then he jolted , released me , and shot out of bed so fast you ’d think I was the one who ’d stripped _him_ naked and crawled in bed _with him_ .


He stood several feet away , hand up , like he was warding me off , or maybe trying to put me at ease ?
I was n’t sure how that was possible since I was _naked_ and moments ago he ’d been pressed up against me while I was unconscious .


“ Who the hell are you and what am I doing here ? ”
I watched as what I could see of his face turned pink .


“ Found you … ” he said in a voice that was so deep I was sure the ground quivered beneath us .
“ Unconscious .
I brought you here . ”


I scrambled up the bed , taking the covers with me , and thanked God when I realized I still had panties on , even as fear coiled tight in my belly .
“ Why the hell did you take my clothes off ?
What did you do to me ? ”


His brows lowered .
“ Do ? ”


I clutched the covers tighter to my chest .
“ I ’ m practically _naked_ , and you were all over me . ”


He took an abrupt step back , his heavy brows now shooting up , eyes widening , in what I could only describe as alarm .
“ Woman , you were close to death .
Only way to warm you back up quick was body heat . ”


I ’d heard of people doing that before , had n’t I ?


I took him in .


The yeti .


He was the giant fur - covered beast walking toward me through the snow before I passed out .


My eyes dropped before I could stop them .


_Good God_ , he was huge .


I ’d never seen a man like the one in front of me in all my life .
He was taller than the door he was standing in front of , massive everywhere — thick , sold thighs dusted with dark hair , long legs , bulging calves .
His chest and shoulders were wide , his waist thick , his stomach roped with muscle .
One of his biceps was easily as big as one of my thighs , and that was saying something , since I was n’t at all what you would call petite .
My gaze slid back down .
One of his enormous hands was covering his groin , or trying to anyway .


He made a low , broken sound , and my eyes shot back up to his .
His face was n’t pink anymore ; it was fire - engine red .


“ Can you … ah , put some clothes on , please ? ”
My voice came out as a raspy whisper .


He jolted again , like he only just realized he was standing there completely naked .
He turned away , flashing a spectacular pair of muscular butt cheeks before snatching up a pair of pants and pulling them on .
The fact that I could even contemplate the attractiveness of his butt was insane given the circumstances .
I obviously had n’t fully recovered from my ordeal .


He turned back but said nothing for several seconds , staying all the way on the other side of the room .
I watched his jaw work , his fingers curling and uncurling at his sides .


Finally , he shook his head , his shaggy black hair falling around his face , strands catching on his beard , and leveled me with his blue eyes .
“ I did n’t touch you … I would never … ”
He lifted a hand , motioning toward me .
“ You needed warming .
I did what I needed to . ”


Now that he was n’t naked anymore , or wrapped around me like a hibernating bear , he was n’t quite as threatening , especially with the way he kept blushing , which was completely at odds with his size and fierce appearance .


“ Can I have my clothes ? ”
I said , feeling uncomfortable sitting there practically naked in this complete stranger ’s bed .


He grunted , turned to a scarred wooden chest of drawers , and pulled something out .
He motioned to a rack above the fire , where my clothes were draped .
“ They ’re still wet , ” he said .
“ Wear this . ”


He threw something toward me and it landed on the bed .
I picked it up .
A red and black oversized flannel shirt .
“ Thank you . ”
I stared at him and he stared back , saying nothing .
“ Can you , um … can you turn around , please ? ”


He blushed again and spun away .


Not that it was n’t anything he ’d already seen , considering he ’d stripped me bare and put me in his bed , but still .
I took a moment to assess my body ’s aches and pains .
The only place I was feeling any pain was my ankle .
Everywhere else felt … untouched .


God , this man had saved my life and I ’d accused him of molesting me in my sleep .
I slipped on his shirt and quickly did up the buttons .
I glanced up at the rack above the fire .
My sports bra hung up there .
I was n’t exactly lacking in the chest area , in fact , I was n’t lacking in any areas .
Letting the girls swing free was n’t something I had the luxury of doing .
I ’d been big pretty much all my life .
Thankfully , I ’d been blessed with my mother ’s hourglass figure , but I was all boobs , butt , and thighs , and lots of all three .
I ’d given up trying to change my body , and I ’d stopped hating it a long time ago .
I glanced up at the clothing rack .
But , man , I wanted my bra .


“ I ’ m covered up . ”


He grunted , moved to the fire , and threw another log into the flames .
“ Stay under the covers .
It ’s warmer under the furs . ”


He did n’t look at me while he said this , kept his wide , muscled back to me .
“ So , you … you live here ? ”
I asked .


He shook his head .
“ Hunting cabin . ”


I did n’t know this man , but maybe if I knew some more about him I might feel a little less nervous about being there alone with him .
“ You live in town ? ”


He shook his head again .
“ Nope . ”


Okay .
“ Are you on a hunting … um , vacation ? ”


He picked up a pot and banged it down on the hot plate over the fire .
“ Live farther down the mountain . ”


“ So why do you come up here if you — ”


“ I do n’t go to town .
Do n’t like people .
Do n’t like strangers .
I also do n’t like being asked a bunch of questions . ”


I bit my lip .


I ’d heard of people who lived on the mountain , who barely ventured to town except to get supplies every few months .
Mountain Men , people called them .
Men who had , for different reasons , chosen to live solitary lives


I curled my fingers into the covers .
“ When can I go home ? ”


He grumbled under his breath .
“ Blizzards hit .
Covered everything in at least fifteen inches of fresh snow .
Woman , you ’re not going anywhere , not till some of it melts . ”


My whole body tensed .
“ What ? ”


“ You ’re stuck here , and seeing as the snow ’s still falling and does n’t look like it ’s gonna let up anytime soon , I ’d say for a while . ”


“ What ? ”
I said again , or rather choked .


“ You ’re not going anywhere on that ankle anyway , not until you can put weight on it . ”


I could only see his profile , but from what I could see of his face , his expression said loud and clear that he was about as happy about me being there as I was .
He glanced at me and his blue gaze hit mine , then dropped , lingering on my chest .
He quickly turned away and started chopping a big slab of meat .
I stared at him , not sure what to say , what I could do .
People would be worried about me .
The hiking group I ’d come with probably thought I was dead .


“ Do you have a phone ? ”


“ No . ”


The hopelessness of my situation sunk in , and my nose started to sting , and tears filled my eyes .
I bit my lip , trying to swallow the helpless sob crawling up my throat , but failed .


He jerked around at the sound , and when he looked at me his eyes widened , and he took a step back like he ’d been confronted with his worst nightmare .
For some men , I guessed that ’s exactly what a crying woman was .
Especially a complete stranger .


“ I ’ m s - sorry , ” I said between shuddering breaths .
“ This whole thing … it ’s been a little … stressful … a - and p - people will be so worried . ”
I blinked , and tears ran down my cheeks .
I dashed them away but more replaced them instantly .


My reluctant rescuer rubbed his giant hands down the fronts of his pants .
“ Ah … ” he said .


“ I ’ m sorry , ” I said again .


He grabbed a mug and I watched him put cocoa and sugar in it , then pour some milk - like liquid from a tin .
He topped it up with boiling water from another pot on the hot plate above the fire and brought it to me .
I stared up at him .


“ Cocoa , ” he said and held it out .


“ Oh .
Thank you . ”


He stood there , not moving , still looking down at me .
“ Drink , ” he finally said .


I thought I better do as he ordered , and lifted the mug , taking a sip .
His heavy stare had n’t left my face , but it dropped to my mouth , not leaving when I lowered the mug .


“ This is delicious . ”
I licked my lips self - consciously .


His nostrils flared , and he quickly turned away and went back to chopping meat .


My belly did a weird little flip and I sat there trying to process what it was as I watched him dump his handiwork into the pot .
The sizzle of meat hitting the heat filled the air .
Vegetables came next , followed by water and seasoning .


He kept his eyes averted throughout this .


Finally , he walked to a shelf , pulled down a tin box , and walked toward me .
“ I need to wrap your ankle , ” he said .


“ Oh … no , it ’s fine . ”


He frowned .
“ It ’s not . ”


He was definitely a man of few words .


I started shaking my head , but he ignored me and flicked back the quilt covering my throbbing ankle .
I gasped .
It was swollen and bruised .
No wonder it hurt like hell .


He ’d shoved the covers back with force and my bare legs were completely exposed to mid - thigh .
He dropped to his knees , and they cracked , loud in the silence .
The man was even huge kneeling on the floor .
The bed was low , and he still topped me by a head .


He opened the box and pulled out a large brown glass bottle .
“ This shit stinks , but it ’ll help the swelling and bruising to go down faster . ”


“ What is it ? ”


“ Family remedy , ” he muttered and opened the lid .


“ Good God , ” I cried when it hit me .
“ That is the worst thing I ’ve ever smelled . ”


He shrugged .
“ The stink dies down once it ’s on the skin and heats up . ”


“ Right . ”
I watched him scoop out some thick yellowish cream , and before I could offer to do it , his huge hand was on me .
Rough - skinned but gentle fingers working it cautiously over my ankle .


I sucked in a breath , as what felt like small electrical currents travelled up my leg .
“ It feels warm . ”


He did n’t answer .
I looked from my ankle to his face and sucked in another breath , this one for another reason .
Those nostrils were flared again , and his eyes were following his fingers .
I watched his gaze go higher to the apex of my thighs , then dart back .


I squeezed my thighs together .
This was humiliating .


His face darkened again , and he jerked his hands away , roughly grabbing a wrapped bandage from the box .


“ Just gonna wrap it , then I ’ll be done . ”


He worked quickly , but was still gentle , making the bandage firm but not too firm .
He taped the end down and quickly threw everything back in the box and moved back to the other side of the room like I carried a contagious disease .


I tugged the covers back into place .
“ Thank you … um … ”
I realized I did n’t know his name .


“ Hank , ” he muttered .
“ Hank Smith . ”


Hank .
It suited him .
“ Thank you , Hank .
For this . ”
I motioned to my foot .
“ And for carrying me to safety .
If it was n’t for you I ’d be … ”
Dead .
This man might not like strangers , might prefer his own company , but my weariness was fast evaporating with each passing minute .
He ’d done nothing to make me think he intended to hurt me , and it was n’t like he had n’t had opportunity .
For the time being I was stuck there , and Hank was the only thing protecting me from what lay beyond that cabin door .
“ Anyway , I ’ m Birdie .
Birdie Winters .
Thank you for saving my life .
What you did was amazing , and I owe you . ”


“ It was nothing , ” he said , looking uncomfortable .


“ It was n’t nothing .
God , how far did you have to carry me ? ”


He shrugged his big shoulders .
“ Four , maybe five miles . ”


My mouth dropped open .
“ Five miles ? ”


He shrugged again .


“ How did you … I mean , I ’ m no lightweight … how did you carry me that far ? ”


He frowned , an expression that said he thought what I was saying made no sense .
“ I ’ve carried deer more than twice the size of you . ”
Then he turned away again — like what he said was a full explanation , and his feat of immense strength was nothing — and stirred his stew .
Which was starting to smell amazing , its rich aroma filling the small cabin .


“ What kind of name is Birdie ? ” he asked suddenly , back still to me , his deep voice making my lower belly quiver .


“ Well , it ’s a family name .
My grandmother was named Birdie . ”


He grunted again .


I opened my mouth to say something and my stomach growled .
Loudly .


His head swiveled on his thick neck , eyes coming back to me , and I could n’t be sure , but I thought I saw his lips twitch behind that thick beard .
No , I was sure of it , because his eyes lit up as well .


And the effect was breathtaking .


* 2 .
Hank 2 .
Hank { { { 1 # # 2


# Hank


I was trying to ignore her , but it was n’t working .


Throughout my life , I ’d turned ignoring people into a fine art .
Now no one bothered me , accept for my twin brother , Beau .


But the woman behind me …


Images of her near - naked body fired through my mind .
I felt my face heat again and willed my body to calm the hell down .
What kind of sick asshole got hard over an unconscious woman ?
A woman who would probably be dead if I ’d found her even fifteen minutes later .


I had .


I ’d tried not to look as I ’d stripped her bare , as I ’d pulled off her wet clothes as quickly as I could , and put her in my bed .
I ’d done the only thing I knew to warm her up .
I used my body .
But as soon as her soft , full curves had pressed against mine , the fucker between my legs had swelled and stiffened until I was in pain .


Guilt had socked me in the gut .
Disgusted with myself over my reaction to a defenseless woman .


Thank the Lord she had n’t woken up when I was in that state .
She was scared enough of me as it was .
Most women were .
Not that I ’d encountered many .
My face heated again when I thought about the one time I had .
The fumbling overeager rutting that was over too fast with the only woman I ’d touched intimately .
Fifteen minutes of humiliation , arranged by my grandfather on my nineteenth birthday .


I shoved that thought away , grabbed a bowl , and ladled in some stew .
I might suck at conversation — hell , at everything when I was n’t solo — but I could at least feed her and keep her warm .
I had plenty of meat and vegetables , flour , eggs .
Enough supplies to last a few weeks if we were snowed in that long .


The thought had me fumbling with the spoon I ’d just picked up .


Another gut punch , only this time it was n’t guilt that caused it , it was something else , something I had no right even thinking about , but when I turned to her , dressed in my shirt , sitting in my bed , it was all I could think about .


Birdie was the most beautiful woman I ’d ever seen .


I dumped the spoon in the bowl , strode over , and handed it to her .


She smiled up at me .
“ Thank you , this looks and … ”
She breathed in deep .
“ Smells amazing . ”


Her fingers brushed mine as she took it , and just like when I put my grandpa ’s ointment on her leg , zaps of pleasure shot up my arm .
I jerked my hand back , retreating a step .
“ It ’s just stew . ”


She was blinking up at me like a baby owl .
All innocent and soft , and in that moment , I hated how difficult this was for me .
Beau would already have had Birdie charmed .
Women flocked to him .
I just had to look at Birdie and I frightened her .


And since we were identical twins , I knew it was n’t my looks that freaked her out , it was just … me .
Though , I guess , I was bigger than my brother .
My size did sometimes disconcert people .


“ My grandpa used to say God used extra fertilizer when he made me , ” I said , attempting to put her at ease .
Maybe make her smile ?


Instead , her mouth opened and closed , and opened again .
“ Ah … he did ? ”


Christ , what the hell was I doing ?
She had to think I was crazy .
I shoved a hand through my hair .
Why the hell was I even trying ?
I ’d been in the company of a beautiful woman for only a few hours — and most of that time she ’d been unconscious — and I was already acting like a fool .
“ Let me know if you want more . ”
I motioned to her bowl .
“ There ’s plenty . ”


She nodded , finished chewing her mouthful , and asked , “ Your grandpa ?
Are you close ? ”


With her eyes on me like that , my pulse started to race a little faster .
“ He passed some years ago . ”


“ I ’ m sorry , ” she said .


They were n’t just words .
I could see she actually meant them .
“ Yeah , we were close .
He brought me and my twin brother up . ”


Her gaze dropped lower , and I felt it like she ’d run her hands down my chest .
“ There ’s two of you ? ”


That ’s all it took , her eyes on me like that , and my cock started to swell .
I did n’t have much cause to talk to women .
I only saw people when I went into town every couple of months .
And besides that one humiliating encounter , I made do with my fantasies and my fist .


I ’d never seen a woman like Birdie in the flesh , only in those fantasies .
She was curvy , rounded hips , soft belly , smooth skin , and big soft —


I quickly dragged a chair out at the table and sat my ass in it to hide what was going on in my pants .
I cleared my throat .
“ Yeah .
Same height , but he ’s not quite as … large as me . ”


A small smile curled her lips and my racing pulse started to beat even faster .


“ Ah , so that ’s why your grandpa said God used extra fertilizer ? ”


My face felt hot again , and I was glad I had my beard to cover most of it .
How many twenty - seven - year - old men blushed just because they were talking to a pretty woman ?
“ Yeah . ”


She chewed and swallowed another mouthful .
“ Have you lived up here , on these mountains , all your life ? ”


I shifted in my chair and nodded .


Her head tilted to the side , exposing more of her delicate neck .
“ What about your brother ? ”


I did n’t like answering a lot of questions , mainly because I did n’t like talking .
Talking meant interacting with people .
I could n’t avoid Birdie — we were stuck together for the next week at least — so I guessed I could answer her questions if it made her feel more at ease , and I assumed by her smiles , it was .


“ He left for a while , missed it , now spends part of the year up here , part working on a ranch just out of town . ”


Her dark brown , wavy hair had slid to one side , and her big brown eyes were still on me , wide and so pretty I had trouble looking directly at them .
“ And you chose to stay behind ? ” she asked .


I had to clear my throat again to speak .
“ Gramps needed someone to stay and help out . ”
I shrugged , not touching the part about how tough those years were , how much I ’d missed my brother , and how helpless I ’d felt when my grandfather got sick .


Those big brown eyes turned sad .
“ You must have missed him . ”


I could n’t answer .
That look in her eyes made my gut tighten in a way I did n’t like .
That was enough talking for now .
I climbed to my feet and got busy dishing myself up some dinner .
At least the topic of conversation had succeeded in taking away the heavy ache behind my zipper .
I stayed standing , leaned over the short wooden bench I ’d put in last summer , and shoveled my food down , trying not to look at her again .
I heard movement , but did n’t look up .


There was a crash , then she cried out .


I spun around to find Birdie on the floor , her empty bowl and spoon on the ground beside her .
I stared down at her in shock .
“ Are you hurt ? ”


“ No , not really , but I guess I put too much weight on my ankle , ” she said with a wince .


I strode over , trying not to look at her legs or the way my shirt had ridden higher , exposing her soft , pale thighs .


_Jesus Christ . _


I swallowed audibly .


I could see the thin scrap of lemon yellow fabric that covered the soft heat between those lovely thighs .
Beau used the term _pussy_ to describe that part of a woman , and I suddenly understood why .
I ’d never wanted to stroke anything more in my life .


I ’d tried not to look at her panties when I ’d undressed her , and failed .
It was only for a second , and I felt terrible for doing it , but knowing what that innocent - looking article of clothing covered , it did things to me .


I had the strong and sudden urge to drop to my belly , crawl closer , and bury my face against her .
Smell her , taste her .


My mouth watered .


I shoved my arms under her knees and behind her back and lifted her into bed again .
“ Do n’t move from this bed again without my help .
Your ankle looks worse than it is , but it wo n’t get better if you pull shit like that again . ”


Her eyes dropped to her hands that were pulling the covers back over her , and I watched her throat work .
“ You ’re right .
That was , that was stupid of me . ”


I frowned .
“ Not stupid . ”
I shook my head .
“ Just … be careful . ”
I felt like shit for barking at her , but I did n’t know what to say , so I shoved my feet in my boots and pulled on my jacket .
It was still snowing outside , and I needed to make sure we did n’t get completely buried .
“ I need to shovel some snow , get wood . ”


“ Okay , ” she said softly .


I stood there for several seconds longer , not sure what to say .
In the end all I managed was a grunt then I stomped to the door and headed outside .


I stayed out there until my hands and feet were numb , and then came back in with a load of wood for the fire , enough to get us through the night .


I shut the door behind me and pulled up short .


Birdie was on her back , one hand up by her face , the other on her belly .
Her hair was spread across my pillow and her cheeks were rosy from the fire .
My gaze dropped to her lips .
They were puffy , fuller , like she ’d been biting them .


I quickly looked away , walked to the fire , and dumped the wood as quietly as I could on the hearth .
But when I straightened , I could n’t stop myself from looking back .


What would those lips taste like , feel like against mine ?


I slammed my eyes shut and looked away again .


The sooner I could get her off my mountain , the better .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


* * _B irdie_ * *


I woke with a start and it took me a few seconds to work out where I was .
Then it all came rushing back to me .
The hike , getting lost … Hank .


I sat up in bed quickly and looked around .
I was alone .
But I had no time to contemplate Hank ’s whereabouts because I also needed to pee so bad I thought my bladder might actually explode .
My gaze flew around the room , looking for another door , a bathroom .
There was no other door .
The room was made up of a small area that was used as living , bedroom , and kitchen .
There was a rustic , scarred wooden table and three chairs , a double bed , and various shelves , racks , and cupboards .


No bathroom .


And if I did n’t relieve myself in the next few minutes , I was going to actually pee in Hank ’s bed .
I shoved the covers back , and remembering my ankle this time , did my best not to put any weight on it and half hopped , half stumbled across the cabin .


Peeing out in the open , where there could be bears and mountain lions , in freezing conditions did not sound fun , but neither did humiliating myself .
I grabbed a cable - knit sweater that was hanging over the back of one of the kitchen chairs and shoved it over my head .
It dropped down below my knees , giving me decent coverage .
Doing the same hop / stumble routine , I made it to the door and grabbed the handle —


“ Where ’d you think you ’re going ? ”


I jumped at that impossibly deep voice and spun on my good leg toward the fire .
Hank was lying on the fur rug in front of the fire , up on one elbow , watching me .
The single woolen blanket covering him slipped , falling away to reveal his bare chest .


I blinked , mesmerized by the sheer muscled expanse of it … of him .
“ I , ah … I need to use the bathroom . ”


Hank climbed to his feet instantly .
“ I ’ll take you . ”


“ No … I ’ m fine .
Really , just point me in the right direction . ”


“ It ’s not safe and there ’s no way you ’ll get there on that ankle . ”


The idea of him coming with me _to pee_ was humiliating .
“ Hank … ”


“ Boots , ” he rumbled .


_Crap . _
I looked down and saw my boots by the door .
Right .
Bare feet were probably not a great idea if I was hoping to avoid frostbite .
I tried to slide my injured foot into one and winced when pain shot through my ankle .
There was no way I was getting that on .
Now what ?


Hank strode to the bed , jerked a drawer open in the dresser beside it , and pulled something out , then was moving toward me .


He dropped to his knees , grabbed my injured leg in one hand , and I watched as he slid on a thick knitted sock .


I blinked down at him .
“ I do n’t think socks will help . ”


He ignored me and did the same with the other foot .


I opened my mouth again to speak , but my words were swallowed by a gasp when he swung me up into his arms , shoved his feet in his own boots , opened the door , and walked out , _shirtless_ , into the snow .


He stomped through the fresh powder to a little shed that I discovered was an outhouse when he pushed open the door .


He placed me back on my feet .
“ I ’ll wait out here . ”


“ Right , thanks . ”
I was still trying to get my heart rate back under control after being held in his arms , cradled against his massive bare chest , as the door shut .


Thankfully , there was moonlight streaming through a cutout on the back wall .
It was freezing , and the floor was covered in snow that had made it inside .
It soaked through my socks .
I quickly did my business and was shivering so hard my teeth were clattering together by the time I opened the door .
Hank scooped me up again and stomped back toward the cabin .
The wind whistled around us and the snow , which was still falling , stuck to our hair and Hank ’s beard .


Even after standing out in the elements shirtless , his skin felt warm and I could n’t stop myself from burrowing closer , seeking out more .
His hold tightened around me and then we were back at the cabin and he was opening the door , walking in , and closing out the cold .


He did n’t put me down .
Instead he walked to the fire , stopped in front of it , and dropped to his knees again .
He did n’t speak , just held me in front of the dying embers with one arm while throwing another piece of wood on the fire .


My teeth would n’t stop chattering .
“ G - god , I c - ca n’t get w - warm , ” I said .


As soon as the words left my mouth , we were moving again .
Hank carried me to the bed , sat me in the edge , pulled off the wet socks , tugged the sweater over my head , and grabbed the edge of the covers .


“ In , Birdie . ”


I scrambled in and he threw them back over me , then stood there watching me .
“ Better ? ”


The cold felt like it had soaked right down to my marrow .
Not as bad as when I ’d gotten lost , but it was n’t pleasant either .
My teeth were still chattering .
“ H - how are you not cold ?
You ’re n - not even wearing a s - shirt . ”


He shoved his fingers through his hair .
“ I ’ m used to the cold .
I — shit , I ’ m not used to — ” He cursed .
“ I should have put more clothes on you before I took you out there . ”
He strode to the fire and threw more wood on then turned back to me , like that would make an instant difference .


I was n’t getting warmer .
It was almost like I was making the bed colder , which I knew must be impossible , but that ’s exactly how it felt .
I looked over at him , remembering how warm he ’d felt and how cozy I ’d been when I woke beside him the day before .
I was too cold to care if it was inappropriate ; I just wanted to be warm , and Hank was the source of some serious heat .


I shoved the covers back .
“ Get in … please . ”


His thick brows shot up .
“ You ’ll warm up soon .
The fire just needs to — ”


“ P - please , Hank . ”


His huge body stilled , like a startled animal .
Finally , after standing there , jaw working for what felt like forever , he moved to the bed .
I watched as he undid his pants and shoved them down , so he was only wearing his boxers .
My lower belly warmed instantly , and I swallowed hard .


“ Move over , ” he said , a growl to his voice that lifted the hair on the back on my neck .


I did as he asked , and the bed dipped as he climbed in beside me .
I had no shame at this point and rolled into his warmth immediately .
I did n’t know this man , we did n’t know much about each other except for the little he ’d told me , but I did know I could trust him .
My initial fear had vanished sometime between him making me cocoa and being carried out in the snow to the outhouse in his strong , capable arms .


The big man holding himself unnaturally still beside me , arms crossed over his chest , clearly uncomfortable , was no threat to me .
He was far from it .
And I felt … safe .


I ’d been on my own for a long time .
Even when my mom had been alive I ’d spent most of my time alone while she worked .
There had been many occasions in my life when I ’d felt unsafe or scared .


When was the last time someone held me ?
I could n’t remember .


I did n’t have many friends .
Well , you could n’t really call the people I spent time with friends so much as coworkers .
I ’d never had a best friend — we ’d never stayed in one place long enough .
We ’d moved a lot when I was a kid , never put down roots .


I ’d lost my mom eighteen months ago , and it turned out I was as restless a soul as she ’d been .
I was still living that life , sticking to myself , never staying in one place too long , and as nice as hugs and friends were , that was how I liked it .


That did n’t mean I did n’t want to feel close to someone , to feel a connection to another human being from time to time .


It had definitely been a while between _times_ , though .


When I moved to Eaglewood six months ago , I ’d busied myself with work , with the small garden at the house I rented , and my hobbies .
I had n’t tried to meet anyone .
I was also used to taking care of myself .


But I could admit that having Hank do that for me felt nice .


Really nice .


Heat radiated from his big body , and I was plastered to his side , but it was n’t enough .
“ Can you … w - will you p - put your arms around me ? ”
I asked , teeth still chattering a little .


He said not one thing , just grunted and unfolded his arms .
I immediately took advantage and slid in closer .
A shudder moved though me when I was finally surrounded with his intense warmth .


Slowly , the heat of his body soaked in , warming me in a way that was bone deep .
My eyes got heavy and my limbs relaxed .
I did n’t have the strength to move away , my muscles feeling sluggish after being so tense from cold .
My eyelids drifted shut .


I ’d move soon .


* 3 .
Birdie 3 .
Birdie { { { 1 # # 3


# Birdie


A loud , repetitive sound dragged me from my sleep , and I lay there for several seconds trying to work out what it was .
A kind of whack / thump combo that made me jump every time I heard it .
I sat up , shoved my hair off my face , and looked around the cabin .


I was alone .


Which meant the sound I heard was being made by Hank , since no one was getting on or off this mountain with the amount of snow currently outside .
Pushing the covers back , I climbed out of bed and winced when my bare feet hit the worn rug by the bed .
Even with the fire roaring , cold seeped through , plus my ankle was still smarting .
I looked down .
It was still quite swollen and bruised , but better than the day before .


My clothes were still on the rack above the fire , and since I had no clue how to work the thing and get it down , I limped to the dresser where Hank had gotten me socks last night and pulled open the top drawer .
After a quick search , I discovered sweaters , pants , thermals , hats , and gloves .
The cabin was well stocked .


There was no way I ’d fit any of the pants , but I fished out a pair of thermal bottoms and tugged them on .
They were way too big , so I bunched up the excess fabric , pulled my hair tie from my wrist , and secured it .
Next , I dragged on a big green jumper over the shirt I ’d already borrowed , followed by a pair of thick socks .


The sweater smelled like Hank mixed with that unmistakable scent of wool .
Real wool , not that synthetic stuff , and was obviously hand knitted .
It was well worn , had several spots that had been patched over the years , and was snuggly and warm .
I pulled on a hat and headed for the door .


Yep , my ankle had definitely improved because I managed to slide both feet into my boots .
I unhooked one of Hank ’s huge jackets by the door and tugged it on .
It swamped me even more than the jumper .


I headed outside .
It was snowing again .
Maybe it had n’t stopped — I had no idea — though it was lighter than last night .
I headed to the outhouse , quickly did my business , and then followed the _whack / thud_ sound to the back of the cabin .


I found Hank .


He was chopping wood .


_Oh my_ .


My mouth went dry .


He was wearing those outdoorsy - type pants that were cargo but also waterproof , and they fit him like a glove .
He was also wearing a white thermal top with a blue and black checkered shirt over the top .
Both had the sleeves rolled up revealing muscular , corded forearms .
His longish hair was poking out the sides of a faded red woolen hat .


I watched as he picked up a chunk of wood , placed it on a large stump , then swung his axe .
He brought it down hard with one mighty hit , rending the wood in two like it was a twig , not a massive branch .
He bent forward , picked one piece up , and flung it onto the pile he ’d already chopped .


I could n’t take my eyes off him .
I mean I knew he was strong — he ’d carried me five freaking miles — but still .
The man amazed me .


He ’d just flung the second piece when his head turned my way .


His massive frame froze for a split second , then his blue eyes moved over my body , taking in what I was wearing .


“ I , ah … was n’t sure how to get the drying rack down to get my clothes , ” I said by way of explanation .


He did n’t answer for a couple of beats , then said .
“ You should go inside , out of the cold . ”


I could n’t look away from him .
If any man existed that was more masculine , more … God , manly , I would insist on seeing proof to believe it .
Hank Smith was like nothing , no one , I ’d ever seen before .
Just looking at him made my belly feel funny and sent inappropriate thoughts shooting through my head .


He also aroused me to the point of insanity .


The man made me all hot and bothered .
Which was crazy , especially when he could barely make himself touch me .
He ’d laid there last night , hands behind his head , while I wrapped myself around him like a python suffocating her next victim , trying to get warm .
The man struggled to even make eye contact with me .
He had been nothing but a perfect gentleman .
He was no threat to me , not in any way .
My freak - out when I first woke to find myself in his cabin had long gone .


Yes , despite the way he looked and where he lived , he was more of a gentleman than any man I ’d met .
The last guy I ’d dated had been a wolf in sheep ’s clothing .
He hid his true nature , only letting it show when he ’d got what he wanted from me .


Hank hid nothing .
I barely knew him , but I knew that .
Right then I was as isolated as anyone could be , and I felt safer than I had in a very long time .


“ Birdie ? ”


I jumped .
God , I was still staring at him and he was waiting for me to do or say something .
His brows lifted .


“ Sorry , yes ? ”
I felt my face heat .


“ Get out of the cold , ” he said again , voice low and gruff .
“ I ’ll be in to make breakfast soon . ”


“ Right . ”
I forced myself to turn away and head back into the cabin .
The least I could do was make him breakfast .
He ’d already cooked for me once , and going by what he ’d told me , I doubted he ’d had someone return the favor in a while .


* * *


* * _H ank_ * *


I ’d stayed outside for as long as I could .
But the snow was falling heavier and I needed food .
Birdie would , too .
I walked toward the door to the cabin , and my gut tightened the same way it had last night while she ’d lay almost on top of me , the lush softness of her curves pressing into me .
A warm weight that had made me too hot , but craving more of her heat all at the same time .


I ’d never experienced anything like it .
I was n’t an idiot — I knew what I was feeling — I just had no clue what to do with it .
A woman like Birdie would never want a man like me , and I would n’t know how to please her even if I worked up the balls to do something about it .
Humiliation washed over me .
I should know this stuff .
I should know how to act around a beautiful woman , how to exercise control over my body instead of having it respond like a hormonal teenager , but I did n’t .


I was n’t like my brother .
I had n’t had a lot of experience .


I ’d only ever been with one woman .
Roxanne lived in town , a good woman who made her money on her back and had offered herself as my nineteenth birthday present , free of charge .
My grandfather had brought her out to the homestead after a visit to town for supplies .


He ’d left her with me and gone hunting .


I remembered being excited , but feeling on some level it was wrong as well , that it was n’t what I really wanted .
My body had grown achy and hard when she stripped in front of me , like it had last night when Birdie had lay beside me .
Last night , though , there ’d been no feeling of wrongness .


The episode with Roxanne had been fast .
I ’d rutted into her , let my body , my need to get off , control my actions .
I ’d felt disconnected from my mind the whole time .
Then she ’d screamed , and I ’d felt her contracting around me , and I ’d emptied myself , gasping and shaking like the inexperienced idiot I was .


She ’d laughed afterward , teased me about my lack of stamina , and patted me on the cheek .
_ “ Maybe next time you ’ll go a little longer , boy . ” _


A shudder moved through me and I shoved the humiliating memory from my mind , and pushed the door open .


The rich smell of bacon , beans , and eggs cooking hit me instantly .


Birdie stood at the fire , stirring a pot on the hot plate .
She ’d worked out how to get her clothes down and had changed into a pair of leggings and a fitting thermal that hugged all her curves .
She was still wearing my socks , though , and the woolly hat .
Her dark hair was loose , falling down her back .


She smiled at me .
“ I made breakfast . ”


“ We need to go easy on supplies .
The snow has n’t let up yet .
We could be stuck up here for weeks . ”


She bit her lip and glanced at the food she ’d prepared .
“ Oh , of course .
I just thought … I ’ m sorry , I guess I did n’t think . ”


I felt like a giant asshole .
“ It ’s fine , ” I said .
I did n’t know how to act around her , and that pissed me off .
I shoved off my jacket and hat and hung them by the door .


She did n’t speak while she dished up what she ’d cooked and handed me a plate .
Her fingers brushed mine and a jolt shot up my arm again .
_Jesus Christ_ .


I dragged out a seat , sat my ass down , and started eating , trying to get my body under control .
I should probably talk , make conversation .
What the hell would I say ?


I glanced over at her .
She was in the chair across from me , her portion a lot smaller than mine , eating quietly .
“ Not used to company , ” I muttered .
I did n’t want her to feel bad , and obviously my gruff response to her cooking for me had done just that .


She glanced up and her big brown eyes caught mine .
My gut tightened .


“ When did you last have visitors ? ” she asked .


My gaze dropped to her full lips , then back up .
“ My brother visits when I ’ m down at the homestead . ”


“ That ’s it ?
No one else ? ”


I shook my head and shoved in another mouthful .
This was another reason I did n’t like talking : people wanted to know things , personal things about you .
Assumed you were abnormal if you preferred your own company .


She lowered her knife and fork .
“ I do n’t know how you do it .
Do n’t you get lonely ? ”


“ No . ”


We ate in silence after that , and then I went back to chopping wood .
When that was done , I checked my traps .
Rabbits were still fairly plentiful if you knew where to look .
I could make rabbit stew tomorrow .
I cleared and reset my traps — two was n’t bad , especially with this weather — and headed back to the cabin .


I ’d stayed away all day , so I had no idea how Birdie had occupied herself .
I was just counting down the days until I could get her off this mountain .
I could n’t handle this restless , achy feeling in my gut for much longer .
Did n’t want to deal … shit , I did n’t even want to think about the way she affected me .


I shoved the cabin door open and was hit with hot humid air and the smell of stew .


In the corner , where I kept my old tin tub , a sheet had been nailed up as a privacy screen .


“ Hank ? ”
Birdie called from behind it .


She had a camping lamp back there with her , which meant the white sheet might hide her , but her shadow was projected on it clearly .
I could see the outline of the tub , as well as her shoulders , arms , and head .
She was running a cloth along her arm .


She stilled .
“ Hank ?
Is that you ? ”


I quickly cleared my tight throat .
“ Yeah . ”


She started moving again , if I had to guess I ’d say washing her shoulders .


“ I hope you do n’t mind , but I desperately wanted a bath .
I ’ve already eaten .
I heated up the stew from yesterday if you ’re hungry . ”


I grunted , unable to form actual words , and forced myself to take off my boots , coat , and hat , and dish up my dinner .
I took my usual seat , then realized that was n’t such a great idea because I had an excellent view of what was going on behind that sheet .


I could n’t make myself move .


I could n’t goddamn eat .


I sat there and watched her .
Every shadowed move behind that sheet , listening to the sound of the water splashing , moving with her .
My head filled with images of her bare skin , wet and glistening .
Of her running a cloth over her soft , full breasts , between her thighs …


My hand dropped to my stiff cock and I squeezed it , biting back a groan .
I was about to get the hell out of there , go to the outhouse and do what I needed to do to make it go away , when she stood .


Her naked body was outlined perfectly , every lush curve .
She turned slightly .


_Fuck_ .


I could make out one of her nipples .
It was jutting out , a hard , tight peak .
My mouth watered .


Roxanne had had a beautiful body .
She was slim and delicately curved .
But it was n’t her I thought of when I stroked myself at night alone .
The faceless woman in my head was soft , wide hips , rounded belly , bottom and breasts that overflowed my hands .


She was Birdie .


That faceless woman now had a face to go with that beautiful curvy body , and I knew it would be her I ’d see from then on .
Every time I closed my eyes and stroked my cock , it would be Birdie who was letting me do dirty , wicked things to her .


I needed to get up and leave , but the way her breasts swayed as she dried off and dressed had me mesmerized , glued to my goddamn seat , balls throbbing , cock harder than it had been in my life .


The sheet was pulled back and I dropped my eyes to my dinner , shoved a now cold forkful into my mouth , and started chewing .
My face was hot , flushed , and that pissed me the hell off .


“ Oh !
You caught rabbits ? ” she said .


I sucked in a breath through my nose and lifted my eyes .
She was in her own pants but was wearing one of my sweaters again .
“ Yeah . ”


She bit her lip and that caused another gut clench .
“ I ’ve never eaten rabbit before . ”


I grunted , my eyes dropping to her breasts without my say - so .


“ I hope you do n’t mind that I borrowed another sweater ?
They ’re just so warm and soft .
They ’re hand knitted ? ”


“ My mother knitted most of them for my dad . ”


She slid into the seat across from me .
“ She used to live up here ? ”


“ She left when Beau and I were eight . ”


Her brown eyes widened .
“ She left you ? ”


I dipped my chin , not sure why I was sharing this stuff , but I was willing to do anything to stop the ache in my groin , and talking about my parents was sure to do that .
“ She left us and our dad .
Did n’t like it up here .
Did n’t like the solitude .
Dad died a short time later .
That ’s when our grandfather took over raising us . ”


Her hand slid across the table and her fingers curled around my wrist .
“ I ’ m so sorry . ”


I shrugged , but could n’t take my eyes off her hand on me .
How small it was .
How pale and smooth her skin was in contrast to mine .


My heart started to pound harder .


“ Hank … ”


I shot to my feet .
“ I need to check on something . ”
I shoved on my boots , jacket , and hat and headed back out .


I spent the next two hours stacking wood behind the cabin , until the lights dimmed inside and I knew she was in bed .
I waited another fifteen minutes then went back in .
She was curled up in my bed , cheek resting in her hand .


I stripped down to my thermals and started across the floor to the makeshift bed I ’d made by the fire .


“ There ’s room in here , ” she said sleepily .
“ It seems silly for you to sleep down there when there ’s a perfectly good bed we can both fit in . ”


I started to shake my head , but she flicked the covers back .
I glanced at her face .
Her eyes were shut , and going by how relaxed her features looked , on the verge of falling asleep .


I started for the bed , intending to drag the covers back over her and go to my own bed , but when I got there I could n’t make myself walk away .
Memories of her from the night before , how she felt beside me , her sweet curves pressed against my hard muscle , were so fresh in my mind .
I craved that again , to feel her draped over me , the warmth of her body , the softness .


I slid in beside her before I fully thought about what I was doing .


Reaching over , I turned off the lamp beside the bed and stared up at the ceiling , watching light from the fire flick against the beams .
I lay like that for what felt like forever .
Birdie ’s breathing had grown deeper and even .
She was asleep .
She ’d moved a few minutes ago onto her back , facing me , one hand on her belly , one on the pillow by her head .
The blanket had dropped a little and I could see the swells of her breasts through her top .
Her knee was cocked and all I could think about was that place between her thighs .
The heat of it , her scent down there , how tight I imagined she ’d grip the aching length of my cock .


_Christ . _
It throbbed , resting hot against my stomach .


My breathing increased in speed , my heart pounding so hard it was all I could hear .
I needed relief , and though I knew it was wrong in so many ways , I could n’t stop myself from sliding my hand inside my long johns and giving my dick a rough tug .


My back arched , and I could n’t stop from doing it again .
I watched her sleep as I did it , her face , her breasts , her spread thighs .
I imagined thrusting in and out of her , the feel of her soft curves pressed into me , her moans of pleasure .


I was n’t the incompetent asshole with little experience when I was in my head .
In my head I knew how to please her , how to make her pussy grip me tight , how to make her wet , how to make her scream my name .


I stroked up to the head , twisting a little , then down to the base .
The bed shook slightly , and Birdie ’s breasts swayed with the movement .
I was lost to the sensation , to the images in my mind , the real - life vision of her beside me .


I gripped myself harder , stroked faster …


Something touched my arm .
I jolted , my eyes shooting up to hers .
They were wide , on me .


I started to yank my hand out of my long johns , but her grip tightened around my arm and she shook her head .


Her hand slid over my wrist , down to just above the waistband of my thermals .
“ Do n’t stop , Hank . ”


It should be impossible , but having her eyes on me made me even harder .


“ Please , ” she said .


My fingers spasmed around my cock and I groaned .
“ No … I — ”


“ Please , ” she said again , moving closer .


_Oh God . _
Another groan rumbled past my lips and there was no way I could stop from dragging my fist down my length and back after hearing her soft plea .
My whole body shuddered harder than before with her watching me .
My gaze stayed on her face as I stroked myself .
Her eyes were still wide and she bit her lip , licking and sucking it .
I was helpless to do anything else .
Then she slid her hand lower , over mine , inside my long johns .


“ Let me ? ” she rasped in a way that sent tingles across my scalp .


Another shudder moved through me , and without my say - so , my legs spread , giving her more room .
My own hand gave way , slipping free to allow for hers .


Her soft , warm fingers wrapped around me and she gasped .
“ You ’re so hard , Hank . ”


Her words shot pleasure down my spine and my hips thrust up , forcing my cock deeper into her fist .
Her fingers did n’t reach all the way around , but her grip was firm and felt better than anything else I ’d ever experienced in my life — until she slipped her other hand in as well and cupped my balls , massaging lightly .


That was all it took — a couple of tugs , her eyes on me — and a shout burst from my throat .
I started coming in her hand .
Pulsing so hard my spine torqued , my hips working frantically , each pulse of my cock shooting more come into my boxers until I collapsed back on the mattress , sweating and shaking .


_Christ . _
A woman touched me , and I shot my load like a goddamn teenager .
I ’d come all over her hand like a fool .
I waited for it , the laugh , the comment .


No , fuck that .
I did n’t want to hear it .


I shoved back the covers and climbed out of bed before she could say anything .


“ Hank , ” she called after me .


I did n’t turn around .
I could n’t bear to see the look on her face .
“ That should n’t have … that was a mistake . ”
I quickly dressed .
“ Go back to sleep . ”


I heard her climbing out of bed , but I stomped outside before she reached me .


I spent most of the night shoveling snow away from the cabin .
When I went back inside hours later , Birdie was asleep in the chair by the fire .


* 4 .
Birdie 4 .
Birdie { { { 1 # # 4


# Birdie


Hank was avoiding me .
Not easy in this small cabin , which meant he spent most of his time outside .
He ’d also barely said two words to me since he walked out on me last night .


I ’d just thrown a piece of wood on the fire when he walked in early afternoon .


“ Just grabbing something to eat them I ’ m heading back out to check the traps , ” he muttered .


I watched him open a can of beans and start eating without even heating it .
He was still in his jacket , hat , and boots .
That ’s how desperate he was to get away from me .


“ Hank … ”


He put the can down — he ’d only eaten half — and started for the door , ignoring me .


“ Hank … ”


He pulled the door open .


“ What did I do wrong ? ”
I said , the desperation in my voice so damn obvious .


He froze .


“ Please tell me why you ’re so angry with me . ”
I barely knew this man , but I hated the thought of him being angry with me , that I ’d somehow upset him .


He pushed the door shut , blocking out the cold wind , leaned against it , and pulled off his hat .
“ I ’ m not angry with you , Birdie . ”


He would n’t meet my eyes and I could see his cheeks had darkened .
“ Well , what ’s going on ?
Why are you being like this ? ”


He cursed under his breath , his chest expanding with his rough inhale .
“ What I did … the way I acted … ”
He shook his head .
“ I ’ m … embarrassed . ”


_What ? _
I took a step closer .
“ Why ?
You have nothing to be embarrassed about . ”


“ You caught me … ”
He cringed .
“ Doing … what I was .
It was n’t right .
I should never have done that beside you . ”


“ I liked it , ” I said , voice nothing more than a whisper .


His brows lifted .
“ You did ? ”


I hugged myself .
“ Yes . ”
This man — God , I ’d never known anyone like him , never _seen_ anyone like him .
He was big and fierce and untamed , but there was a vulnerability under all of it that had my belly in knots , that made me want to know more about him .


That had me craving his touch like no one else .


“ Watching you pleasure yourself . ”
I took a shuddery breath .
“ I ’ve never seen anything more beautiful in my life . ”
I lifted my eyes lifted and locked them with his .
“ You ’re amazing , Hank . ”


His nostrils flared , but he said nothing .
His eyes dropped to his boots and I could see his chest rise and fall rapidly .
Finally , his eyes lifted back to mine and the way they burned made my knees weak .
“ What ” — he cleared his throat — “ what was amazing was having your hands on me . ”


Then he pulled the door open and walked out quickly , shutting it quietly behind him .


I stared at the door he ’d just walked through and had to grab for the edge of the table as a wave of lust — God , need — like I ’d never experienced in my life , washed through me .
I had n’t cooled down since I ’d felt the heavy , thick weight of his cock in my hand , since I ’d watched him come .
And as the time passed and I waited for him to return , it only worsened .
My skin seemed to get tighter , my breasts fuller , and despite the snow again falling outside , I was hot , flushed with need .


I ached , and I found myself squeezing my thighs together as I distractedly chopped carrots for the rabbit stew I ’d made .
I ’d never used rabbit meat before , but I ’d made stew , so I hoped it tasted good .
It smelled good , not that I was hungry .
Not for food anyway .


It was probably more than two hours before I heard the sound of boots crunching through the snow , before I heard the door rattle and Hank walked back in .


He did n’t say anything as he took off his boots , coat , and hat .
But when he turned to me and his gaze hit mine , the need curled tighter in my belly so hard and fast , oxygen was shoved from my lungs .


“ Smells good , ” he said , voice low and rumbly .


I felt that , too .
I squeezed my thighs together tighter .
“ You have … ”
I walked toward him , stopping a foot away , and even though he ’d just come in from the cold I could feel the heat radiating off his big body .
“ You ’ve got snow in your beard . ”
I reached up , because I wanted to touch him , and brushed it away .
I took another step closer .
“ And in your hair . ”
I did the same to the hair at his neck where the hat had n’t reached .


His nostrils flared , and I watched in awe as the giant in front of me shuddered , a full body quake that had him sucking in a harsh breath .
The top of my head only hit mid chest , so when he took a jerky step toward me , his body colliding with mine , I stumbled back .


His arm shot out and he hooked me around the waist , yanking me into the muscular wall of his body .
I gasped when I felt the hard length of his cock against my belly .


“ Birdie , ” he rasped out past windblown lips .


I tilted my head back , staring into the blazing heat of his eyes .
“ Tell me what you need , Hank , ” I whispered .


The muscle at the side of his jaw jumped .
“ I ca n’t stop thinking about your hands on me . ”


“ M - me either , ” I said , my breathy choppy and shallow .


His large hand came up to the side of my face , thick , long fingers gently skimming across my cheek .
“ You ’re so beautiful . ”


I curled my fingers around his forearms , not wanting him to let me go .
“ So are you . ”


He frowned , even as his cheeks colored .
“ I … I do n’t know what to do . ”


My pulse raced faster , out of control .
“ You ’ve never been with a woman ? ”


His cheeks got darker .
“ Only once , a long time ago . ”


_Oh God . _
I searched my mind for the right words _._ “ What do you think about when you ’re on your own , when you ’re stroking yourself ? ”


“ You , ” he said , so rough it was like fine sandpaper abrading my skin , but in an intensely good way .
“ I never knew her face , not until I lifted you out of the snow , stripped you down , and put you in my bed . ”
His hot gaze moved over me .
“ Everything else , everything … it was you . ”


Somehow , I managed to speak past my tight throat .
“ What do you do to me ? ”


“ So many things , Birdie .
So many dirty things . ”


I pressed against him as he stepped closer .
My back met the rough - sawn wall and I lifted a hand , curling my fingers around the side of his thick neck and brushed my thumb over his beard .
“ I ’ m here now . ”


He growled .


I shivered and licked my suddenly dry lips .
“ You do n’t have to fantasize anymore , Hank . ”


Another animalistic sound vibrated through his chest , making my nipples tingle , then one of his huge hands landed on my butt and he hauled me effortlessly up .
I instantly wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck .


“ I want to kiss you , ” he said .


“ Then do it , ” I whispered , pulse racing .


He licked his lips , and after a moment ’s hesitation , brought his mouth down on mine .
He kissed me in a way that was rough and out of control , unschooled .
His beard was soft and prickly all at once , and tickled my chin .
There was no finesse , no holding back .
It was wet and hard and as untamed as the man himself .
It was the hottest kiss I ’d ever experienced .


His tongue tangled with mine , his growls shooting straight to the aching need between my thighs , and I could n’t help but rub against him , seeking relief , needing more of him .


His hips slammed forward , and he ground into me .
“ Birdie , ” he said between rough breaths and rougher kisses , a desperation in his voice that had me soaking through my panties .


My fingers slid into his hair at the nape of his neck and I held tighter as his powerful body continued to thrust against mine .
The hard , unforgiving length of his cock ground into me through our clothes , hitting my clit just right .
I dropped a hand , shoving it under his shirt , and my fingers came into contact with the hot , smooth skin of his back .
The muscles bunched under my fingers .
I thrust my hand down the back of his pants , digging my nails into his firm - muscled ass cheek .


He tore his mouth from mine , panic crossing his expression , as well as a lust so deep and wild my pussy clamped tight and I started coming .


He gasped .
“ I ca n’t stop ” — he shook his head — “ I have to … ”


He grunted , then shoved his face against my throat and groaned low and long , shuddering , hips jerking against me as he came as well .


“ I ’ m sorry , ” he gasped against my overheated skin .
“ Christ , I ’ m pathetic … I ’ m … ”


I cupped his face , encouraging him to lift his head .
“ Why would you say that ?
Hank , you did nothing wrong . ”
I shook my head .
“ You did everything right .
You made me come so hard .
God , I ’ m still feeling it . ”
I bit my lip as my pussy pulsed again .


“ You did ? ” he asked , voice pure grit .


I shivered .
“ Yes . ”
And moaned when he pressed into me and another wave of pleasure shot through me .


I knew he could see it on my face that I was telling the truth when he sucked in a sharp breath through his nose and his gaze dropped to my chest .
I watched as his hand lifted to my breast and cupped it .
His thumb swiped over my nipple and I shivered again .


“ That felt good ? ” he asked .


“ Yes . ”


“ Could you come again ? ”


I nodded , my hips rolling against him .


“ Will you … ” he gritted out .
“ Will you show me what to do ? ”


I swallowed , trying to get moisture back in my mouth .
“ Yes . ”


His eyes dropped lower .
“ Can you … if I put my mouth on you … if I lick your pussy … ”
He lifted his eyes to me again .
“ Can you come that way ? ”


I nodded again , words no longer an option .
Then I watched in awe as the huge mountain man in front of me dropped to his knees .
He looked up at me as he slowly , cautiously , gripped the top of my thermal pants and started dragging them down my legs .
Usually I was self - conscious about my abundant thighs , but with the way Hank was looking at me , the only thing I felt was beautiful .


I stepped out of my pants , and then his fingers were sliding under the sides of my underwear .
He looked up at me again , and I gave him a small nod .
“ Do whatever you want , the things you ’ve fantasized about . ”


When his eyes dropped back to my cotton - covered pussy , my thigh muscles started to quiver .


He started to tug my underwear down , and when they reached my ankles and I stepped out , his monster chest shuddered .


“ Spread wider for me .
Please , I - I need to see you , ” he rasped .


I did as he asked and his whole body convulsed , like an electrical current had fired through him .


“ Birdie , ” he groaned on a ragged whisper .
“ You ’re … Christ … do you have any idea how many times I ’ve fantasized about this ? ”
His hands at my ankles started sliding up .


I shook my head .


“ About this body , this … pussy . ”
He gritted his teeth , like he was struggling with his control , like he was trying desperately to hold himself back .


I did n’t want him to hold himself back .
I threaded my fingers through his hair and tugged gently .


He groaned and pressed his nose to my mound .
“ Your scent — fuck . ”
His head tipped back , and his eyes locked on mine again .
“ You ’re so perfect . ”


My heart was racing at his words , with the anticipation of having his mouth on me , from the way he looked at me .
He took one of my legs and lifted it over his shoulder .


A second later he pressed his hot mouth against my slick pussy lips and growled .


The vibration of it felt amazing , then his tongue darted out , moving over me tentatively , testing , tasting .


That ’s when his control snapped .


* 5 .
Hank 5 .
Hank { { { 1 # # 5


# Hank


_O h fuck . _


The words spun around my head over and over again .
This was happening .
I could n’t hold back .
Her scent , her taste .
Birdie had wrapped herself around me so tight , had crawled so deep , I could n’t think straight .


All I knew was that I wanted to please her .
I wanted to make her come against my tongue , hear her scream in pleasure .
I did n’t know if what I was doing would do that , and I hated that I did n’t so much , that I was so damn inexperienced .
Beau would know .
I ’d walked in on him like this with a woman , her thighs on his shoulders .
The look on her face said she loved it .
God , I hoped Birdie did , too .


My cock pulsed , hard as iron again , as I licked up her juices and she squirmed against me .
I dragged my tongue through her slit up to her clit .
I knew from Beau that was one of the ways to get a woman to come , and going by the way Birdie tugged on my hair harder and ground her pussy against my mouth , I was doing something right .


Her moans grew louder , so I lifted her other leg , cupped her soft ass , and ate her like the starving man I was .


“ Hank , ” she cried out .
“ Oh God , please , please do n’t stop .
I ’ m going to . . . ”


No goddamn way would I stop .


I wanted to feel it , I wanted to feel the way her body reacted to what I was doing .
She said I could do what I ’d fantasized about , and I wanted inside her in a big way .
So , I pressed the tip of my finger to her tight little opening and started to slide it inside .


She gave my hair another tug .
“ Yes … yes , push it deeper . ”


Knowing that I was doing this right , that I was making her feel good — nothing compared to it .
I felt taller , stronger , more of a man than I had in my whole life .
I continued to lick and suck her perfect little clit while I slid my finger in and out of her .
She was hot and wet and tight .
I wanted it to be my cock .
God , so bad .


I was pulsing hard and my balls were drawn up tight .
I shoved my free hand down the front of my pants , my shoulders holding Birdie up , and tugged on my cock .
I fucked her with my finger while I fucked into my fist .


I felt her clamp down on me at the same time her scream filled the cabin .
I kept at her , licking her stiff clit and thrusting my finger inside her as she ground against me , trembling and moaning .
The sounds she made alone would have been enough to send me over the edge , but with everything else , the feel of her , the taste , the scent … knowing it was me that was pleasing her , making her feel this good …


I blew the hell up , grunting and growling as I shot my load into my boxers for the second time .


Birdie went lax , so I carefully lowered her legs , lifted her in my arms , and carried her to my bed .
She lay there staring up at me , bare from the waist down , the sexiest , most beautiful , perfect woman I had ever seen in my life .


“ Climb into bed with me , Hank . ”


Her voice was husky from her screams .
The sound of that and the sight of her relaxed and satisfied made my chest expand with pride .


A knot curled in my gut as I stripped off .
I used my boxers to clean myself off , and climbed in beside her .
She rolled into me immediately , the soft heat of her body soaking into mine .


I decided to ask for what I wanted again , like she told me to .
“ I want you naked . ”
I wanted to feel all of her against all of me .


She immediately pulled her shirt off , followed by her bra .
My hands had minds of their own and I cupped her breasts , massaging , weighing them , loving the way they overflowed my hold .
I did this for a while , indulging myself , running my hands over her body .
Finally , I trailed my fingers lower , and her thighs spread for me instantly .


My chest puffed up again at the way she bit her lip and arched when I cupped her pussy , sliding my index finger through her slit .


“ I want to make you come again , Birdie .
Can I ? ”
I surprised myself by asking .
It felt so good to make her feel good — Christ , addictive — that I wanted that feeling , that high again .


She nodded , eyes wide , chest rising and falling faster .


I played with her , my hand between her thighs , watching her every reaction , following her huskily spoken orders when she gave them .
_Faster , deeper , harder . _
Until she screamed again .
Then I did it again , this time not needing instruction , and once more , until she passed out .


I spent the night watching her sleep and making sure the fire burned hot enough that covers were n’t necessary .
I did n’t want to cover her beautiful body .
I wanted to memorize every dip and valley , every dimple and freckle .


I also prayed .


For the snow to keep falling .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


“ What ’s your favorite color ? ”
Birdie asked , trudging along beside me .


Her ankle was a lot better , good enough to trek with me to check the closest traps and look out for logs I could cut up for firewood .
My food stocks were good , but I wanted enough that going down the mountain was n’t something we had to do because we were forced to .
The snow had stopped two days ago .
The powers that be had ignored my prayers , not that I believed in all that .
They had n’t listened when I begged for Him to bring my mother back or for my grandfather to get better .
I had hoped , though , that I would get a little more time with Birdie .
It was wrong , but I had n’t even suggested taking her home .
Another day and we could get down without too much trouble .
But I was n’t ready for that , to let her go .


I knew I could n’t keep her forever , but the urge to stay there , away from the real world , her world , was getting harder and harder to ignore .


I looked down at her .
She looked cute in one of my woolen hats , her dark hair down and wavy around her shoulders and back .


“ Do n’t have one , ” I said , answering her question , one of many .


She frowned .
“ Really ? ”


I dipped my chin .


She tapped her chin .
“ Okay , favorite type of cake ? ”


“ Chocolate . ”


She smiled .
“ Mine , too .
Can you bake ? ”


I shook my head , trying to ignore the way her smile made my heart race .
“ My grandmother used to make me one every year for my birthday . ”


Her smile got wider and I had to look away .


“ Winter or summer ? ” she asked next .


“ Winter . ”


She snorted .
“ Why does n’t that surprise me ?
Well , me and the cold really should n’t mix .
Or mountains … or snow . ”
She grinned up at me again .


My gut clenched even tighter .
“ You ’re doing all right , ” I said .


“ Well , it feels good to be out of the cabin .
I was going a little stir - crazy staring at the same four walls . ”


I grunted , not wanting to think about what it meant , but I could n’t stop the thoughts spinning around my mind .
I knew firsthand that this life was n’t for everyone , and as much as I wanted to keep her , Birdie was no different .
She ’d soon grow tired of the solitude , the loneliness .
She ’d long for her old life , and she ’d ask me to take her home .
She had a life waiting for her , one that did n’t involve me … or my _four walls_ .


She tucked her hair behind her ear .
“ My mom and I moved around a lot .
We have travelling souls , you see .
Well , that ’s what she used to say .
I think it was more she could n’t make rent . , so we skipped out . ”
She chuckled softly .
“ We always stuck to warmer places .
I stupidly decided to try the mountains .
They are beautiful , though .
But I guess I ’ll be moving on soon . ”
Her gaze slid to me then darted away .
“ I would n’t want to break tradition and stay in one place too long . ”


The idea of her leaving , of me never seeing her again …


“ Oh look !
Is that one of your traps ? ”
She was pointing to one of the snares I ’d made to catch small prey .


“ Yeah . ”
It was empty .
I did n’t care , I was still processing the fact that soon she ’d be gone .


She turned to me .
“ I know you said you do n’t get lonely , but do n’t you just … I do n’t know , crave human contact sometimes ? ”


Her cheeks were flushed and when she said that they got darker .
We ’d had quite a lot of human contact over the last few days .
I ’d been learning every way I could make her come , how many times I could make her come before she passed out .
We had n’t done much more than that .
I knew she wanted to do things to me , too , but I had n’t really given her the chance .
She ’d said I had nothing to be embarrassed about , but it was there in the back of my mind , hovering , messing with me .
That same humiliation I ’d felt all those years ago .


I did n’t want to disappoint her .


And since I was obsessed with pleasuring her , I was more than satisfied .


Yes , I wanted her .


So much so I was in a constant state of arousal , but getting my fix , hearing her screams , was my drug .


“ Not really , ” I said , answering her question about getting lonely .


It was n’t a lie , or it had n’t been before I met Birdie .
Now I was n’t sure how I would survive not being able to touch her , talk to her , sleep beside her .
I did n’t tell her that , though .
There was no use .
Saying those things was pointless .


She chuckled , and it sounded forced .
“ I really do n’t know how you do it . ”
She started walking again , a little ahead , which meant I could n’t see her face , but there had been a note to her voice that gave me pause , something I had no hope of understanding .


We checked several more traps .
She watched me reset them and even carried a rabbit , but she was quiet .
I did n’t like it .
Something I ’d said had upset her , but I could n’t for the life of me work out what that was .


I wanted to make her smile again .


“ Can I show you something ? ”
I said , surprising myself .


She glanced back at me .
“ Sure . ”


“ Your ankle will hold up ? ”


She nodded , curiosity clear in her eyes .


I led her to the familiar path .
It was still under snow , but it was packed and not that deep .
I used to come up here all the time , but these days just once or twice a year .
The track was narrow and rocky in places , and when Birdie grabbed for my hand to keep her balance I kept hold of it , not wanting to let her go .
I did n’t think I ’d held anyone ’s hand since I was eight years old .
Holding Birdie ’s , her smaller one wrapped in mine , gave me more pleasure than should be possible for such a simple act .
That point of connection commanded all my attention .
Everything about it was etched in my brain .


It took only fifteen minutes to reach the clearing .


Birdie came up beside me when I came to a stop , and I watched her draw in a deep breath , taking it in .
“ What is this place ? ”


“ Over there . ”
I carried on walking , leading her to my favorite spot .
It was just across the clearing , and when I stopped again , I turned to her , wanting to see her reaction , hoping that she loved it as much as me .
I watched her cheeks flush with pleasure , and her eyes go wide with wonder .


“ Hank , ” she whispered .
“ This is … it ’s beautiful . ”


I ’d always thought so .
“ My grandfather used to say you could see the whole world from up here . ”


She stared out at the view and her smile got brighter , sucking the oxygen right out of my lungs .
“ I think he was right . ”


I could n’t take my eyes off her .
“ He used to have a cabin up here when my dad was a kid .
It was n’t much , but they loved it .
One real bad winter , the roof caved in , and a lot of it was destroyed .
Getting building material this far up was tough , so they decided to build the new hunting cabin lower down the mountain , somewhere less exposed . ”
I stared out across the mountain range .
“ I still come here , though .
Beau , too . ”


“ I can see why , ” she said .


I turned to her , swallowing the lump growing in my throat .
“ I feel closer to them when I ’ m up here . ”


She tilted her head back and looked up at me .
“ Your dad and your grandfather ? ”


I rubbed the back of my neck , suddenly feeling uncomfortable .
“ Yeah . ”


She gave my hand a squeeze .
“ How did they die ?
You were still young when your father passed ? ”


I had n’t talked about this for a long time , but I wanted to share something with Birdie , something that would let her know she meant something to me .
“ My grandfather got cancer .
I took care of him until the end .
He refused to leave the mountain . ”


Her eyes softened .
“ That must have been extremely hard for you . ”


“ The least I could do after everything he did for us .
Would ’ve done anything for him . ”
I shrugged .
There was never any other choice , not for me .
“ My father , an accident .
Broke his leg while out hunting .
He died from the cold before my grandfather could find him . ”


I watched her pale , and I knew she was remembering how close she ’d come to the same fate .
I shoved the same thought from my mind .
I could n’t bear to think about it , what I would have found if I had n’t got there when I did .


“ I ’ m so sorry , ” she said .


God , she was beautiful .
“ Loss , it ’s just … it ’s part of life . ”


“ Yes , but that does n’t mean it hurts any less , or that those losses do n’t leave scars . ”
A gentle smile curved her lips .
“ Thank you for showing me this place , for sharing how important it is to you .
It really is breathtaking up here . ”


She was breathtaking .
I wanted to kiss her .


“ Birdie … ”


A yowl echoed across the clearing and I spun around .


A short distance away , a mountain lion , still a cub , rolled in the snow in a panic , hissing and yowling .


“ She ’s caught on something . ”
There was no way I could leave it like that .


Birdie grabbed my arm .


“ I ’ m going to try and free it .
Stay back , ” I said .


Where there was a cub , there was a mama , and there was no way I wanted Birdie anywhere near either of them .
I got closer and could see the cub ’s leg was caught in an old chain .
It snarled and lashed out , but I managed to hold it down .
It was scared and making a lot of noise .
The more it thrashed , the more tangled it got .


I was trying to free the animal , and look out for Birdie at the same time .
I knew its mother would n’t be far away , and when I heard the growl a short distance from us a few minutes later , it lifted the hair on the back of my neck .
I saw movement at my side .
Birdie had come closer .


“ Do n’t move , ” I said to her .
“ Stay completely still . ”


I kept eye contact with the mountain lion , staring her down as I blindly worked on the chain tangled around her cub ’s leg .
Crouching down was not a good position to be in , but I did n’t have much choice .
“ I know you ’re angry , mama , but I ’ m not hurting your baby , ” I said , voice low , not taking my eyes off her once .


The chain loosened .
One last tug and the chain came free .
The cub sprang up and ran straight to its mother .
She did n’t move , but continued to hold my eyes , full of aggression .
I needed to appear as large as possible , so I slowly rose to my full height .


“ Go now , ” I said , low and firm .


Finally , she spun around and they both ran off .


Birdie instantly collided with my back , her hands tangling in my jacket .
“ Oh my God .
I ’ve never been more terrified in my life . ”


“ They ’re gone .
She wo n’t come back , ” I said .
“ I ’ m not going to let anything hurt you , Birdie . ”


I felt her nod against my back .
“ I know that .
I knew you ’d keep me safe . ”


My chest expanded to damn near twice the size .
I loved that she knew that , that she felt safe with me .
She continued to cling to me , and I liked that , too .
I did n’t want her scared , but I liked being the man she turned to when she was , the man she knew would protect her .


I reached back , took her hand , and pulled her around to my side .
“ We better head back . ”


She nodded and started walking , but stayed close the whole way .


I loved that , too .


When we got back to the cabin , Birdie started heating up leftovers from the night before , and I half - filled the tub to have a wash .
I could n’t fit my bulk in there , unlike Birdie who could get right in .
The sheet was still up , even though we did n’t really need it now .
I ’d seen all of her , every stunning inch , but I left it there for her in case she wanted privacy while she washed .


I stripped off and stood in the tub , soaping up quickly , and washed off .
I could hear Birdie humming as she worked .
The sound was sweet and soft , and the more I listened the harder I got .
I felt closer to her after today , and it was messing with me , making me want her even more than I had before , which I thought was impossible .
By the time I finished , my cock was so hard it stood up against my stomach .


My breathing grew choppy as I thought about Birdie stroking me that first night .
I ’d never felt anything so good .


I quickly climbed out .
I ’d been rubbing myself off while I ate her pussy every night , but last night I ’d humped the fucking mattress until I blew , with my face buried between her thighs .
I dried off , willing my cock to calm down .


The sheet slid back , and Birdie poked her head around the side .
“ You nearly ready for dinner ? ”
Her voice trailed off and her eyes moved over me , my shoulders , my arms , my stomach … lower .


Her mouth dropped open .


“ I ’ll just … ”
I grabbed for my pants .


“ No , ” she said , shaking her head .
“ No , leave them off . ”


The way she was looking at me … I swallowed .
Hard .
“ Birdie … ”
Her name rumbled past my lips , a plea , a warning , I had no idea what it was .
I just knew I had to somehow control myself .
Be a goddamn man and not act like some untried teenager .
I could do that , could n’t I ?


_Christ_ .
After today , I could n’t take another second without her touching me .


She moved in closer and took my hand , leading me out by the fire .
It was dark outside and the only sound was the crackling wood and wind rattling the windows … and my unsteady breaths .


How did she do this to me ?
One touch and I ’d do anything she asked me to .
Anything .


My cock pulsed and my knees almost buckled .
I looked down .
My cock was dark , veins bulging along its length , pre - come glistening at the head , and she had n’t even touched me yet .


She rested a hand on my chest and dragged it down over my abs .
They tightened under her fingers .
“ You ’re like an ancient warrior , ” she said .
“ So big and strong .
Capable , protective . ”
Her eyes lifted to mine .
“ I ’ve never felt as safe as I do with you .
Never .
Today , what you did , faced with that mountain lion , I ’ve never seen anything like that in my life . ”


I wanted to ask what had made her feel unsafe in her life , who had made her feel that way , but her hand slid lower , and instead of asking her those things , I looked at her and groaned .


She moved in close , so the front of her body was pressed against mine , trapping my stiff cock between our bodies .
“ You ’ve made me feel good every night , Hank .
You ’ve made me come so many times and not taken anything for yourself . ”


“ I wanted to , ” I choked out .
“ Making you feel good , I ca n’t get enough . ”


“ I want to make you feel good , too , ” she said softly .


My chest was pumping with my rapid breaths .
“ Please , ” I said , my control slipping more and more by the second .


It was all I could manage .
I wanted that .
I wanted whatever she wanted to give me .
I ’d take anything as long as she was touching me .


“ Sit on the chair , Hank . ”


I did as she asked without question , lowering my ass to the chair , stomach clenching , thighs quivering .
I ’d hang from the goddamn rafters if it meant having her hands on me .
Her hands went to my knees and she pushed them wide as she lowered to her knees in front of me .


Her big brown eyes came back to mine .
“ Has anyone ever taken you in their mouth ?
Sucked you ? ”


I shook my head .
_Oh God_ .
I wanted that .
I wanted that more than anything .


* 6 .
Birdie 6 .
Birdie { { { 1 # # 6


# Birdie


I stared at Hank , huge body held unnaturally still , eyes filled with so much longing it tore me to shreds just looking at him .
He looked so wild and untamed .
A giant sitting there waiting for what I ’d do next .
His skin was golden despite it being winter .
His chest hair was thicker over his pecs , a dusting over his abs .
He was sitting with his solid thighs spread , his heavy balls and achingly hard cock on full display .


He was a sight I would never — could never — forget .


Knowing that he wanted me that much , that he would do anything I asked in that moment , was empowering .
Made me feel beautiful .
The last guy I ’d dated had shaken my confidence terribly with his backhanded compliments and at times outright negative remarks .
I ’d always liked my body , my curves , but in the short time I ’d gone out with the jerk , he ’d managed to inflict damage .
He ’d made me feel differently about myself .
Hank was helping me get that back , and all he had to do was look at me .


I slid my fingers around the base of his hard cock and gave it a squeeze .


He groaned and thrust up into my fist .
“ Birdie , ” he said , voice more growl than anything else .


“ You ready , Hank ? ”
Just looking at him like this had my thighs slick and my clit desperate for attention .


“ Yes , ” he gritted out .


I dragged my hand up his length , my mouth watering as I leaned in and dragged my tongue across the head , lapping the pre - come from the tip .
Hank bucked and barked out a rough sound .


I slid my hand down , then back to the tip , and looked up at him .
“ You taste so good , Hank . ”


His hands rested on his thighs and his fingers curled into fists .


On the next downward stroke , I took the head of his cock into my mouth and sucked nice and hard .
The chair legs thumped against the floor from the way his body jolted .
I could n’t take all of him into my mouth , so I continued to stroke and squeeze and twist the base as I sucked him as deep as I could manage .
My other hand was resting on his thigh and I grabbed for his , wrapping my fingers around his wrist and bringing his hand to the back of my head .


His fingers threaded through my hair instantly .


“ Birdie … ” he groaned .
“ Christ , sweetheart … ”
His hips lifted a little , forcing himself deeper .
“ I ’ m sorry … ”


I took him deep again , without him thrusting up this time , to show him I was okay , that whatever he did was okay .


The broken gasp that filled the cabin when I cupped his balls and lightly squeezed was the sexiest thing I ’d ever heard in my life .


“ Sweetheart … oh God , your mouth … I ’ve never … ”
He groaned again like he was in pain , like the pleasure was too much .
“ Christ , Birdie . ”


I sucked him harder , faster .
He throbbed in my mouth , and actually seemed to grow thicker .
I swallowed down more of his salty pre - come and I knew he was just about there .


His thighs bunched on either side of me .
“ Feels so good , I ca n’t stop it … I ’ m gonna come … I ’ m … ”


He tried to pull away , but I sucked harder , letting him know what I wanted .


His fingers immediately tightened in my hair , fisted , and his hips jerked forward .
My eyes started watering , but I took it , giving him what he needed , swallowing rapidly when he shot down my throat .


He grunted , a sound that morphed into a long growl , before he moaned my name over and over again , chanting it like he could n’t stop .
I kept sucking and licking him while he shook beneath me , until he fell back into the seat , spent .


I released him with a pop and looked up at him , letting the happiness I felt over being the one that gave that to him show on my face .


He cupped my cheek , his thumb sliding across my puffy , tingling lips .
“ Jesus , Birdie , I … ”
He shook his head .
“ That was incredible . ”


I stood , and he grabbed my hand .


“ Are you wet ? ” he asked .


I drew in a shaky breath .
“ Yes . ”


He tugged me closer , then gripped the sides of my pants and tugged them and my underwear down my legs .
I opened my mouth to say he did n’t need to return the favor , but the words turned to a startled squeal when Hank threw me over his spread knees .
My bare ass was in the air and I gasped when his hand slid between my thighs .


His fingers slid back and forth between my drenched pussy lips , and with a grunt of approval , he pushed one inside me , nice and deep .
I bit down on the thigh supporting my head and thrust back into his hand .
“ Is this one of your fantasies ? ”
I gasped against his thigh .


He dragged the finger out then shoved it back in , adding a second .
“ Yes , ” he growled .


My scream was muffled by his muscled thigh .
I spread wider for him , welcoming his thrusting fingers .


“ Had a lot of time to imagine what I ’d do to you when I finally found you , Birdie .
Naked , over my knee while I played with you , making you wriggle and squirm and come all over my fingers was one of my favorites . ”


_Oh God_ .
He went deep , so deep , fucking me like that .
His other hand slid under me and he cupped my breast , squeezing , teasing my nipple .


“ Love these , ” he said .
“ These big soft tits .
Love your ass , and your hips and your cute rounded belly .
Fucking perfect , Birdie . ”


His blunt words made my head spin , and turned me on even more than I already was .
His thumb was resting against my behind , lightly pressed against my hole and it felt good , so damn good .


I tried to push back , but I was being held down over his knee , completely at his mercy .
His work - rough palm and thick fingers worked between my thighs , and I loved it .
I loved that it was me who he was showing this side of himself to .


He thrust in hard , and I jolted and bit deeper into his flesh .
He worked me over and over , teasing my G - spot , driving me to the edge .
And when he next pushed inside , he stayed deep , thrusting shallow rapid thrusts that , combined with his thumb pressing harder against my ass and the way he tormented my nipple , had me coming with enough force to knock me unconscious .
I screamed , loud enough to scare away any animals in hearing distance .


Hank gently removed his hands from between my thighs and under me , and then they were moving over me , massaging , caressing .
I lay there unable to move for the longest time .
Not wanting to .


Finally , I lifted my head and caught sight of my teeth marks on his skin .
“ Oh God , Hank , I ’ m so sorry . ”


He lifted me like a limp rag doll , which was exactly how I felt .
“ I like them , ” he said , all deep and gruff , then carried me to the bed .


He was hard again , painfully so .


Hank came down on top of me , his mouth attacking mine with a hunger that set me alight right along with him .
I gripped his shoulders , the bulging muscles flexing under my hands , and spread my legs for him automatically — which put the head of his cock _right there_ .


I moaned .


His hips jerked forward at my needy sound , and he slid in about an inch , stretching me .


He tore his mouth from mine .
“ I ’ m sorry . ”
Strain lined his face .
He was breathing heavily , and his arms shook .
“ I should n’t have done that .
I — ”


I dug my heels in when I thought he might pull out .
“ God , do n’t stop .
Fuck me , Hank , please .
Fuck me . ”


He hovered above me , eyes burning into mine , and I watched a change come over him .
His stomach muscles , his thighs , God , every muscle in his body tightened — a reminder of his immense strength , of how badly I wanted him to let that loose on me , to give me everything .
He was hanging on to his control by the thinnest of threads .
Watching as it washed from his face , as animal need took over , sent anticipation spiking through me .


A growl exploded past his lips , and his hips snapped forward .
His cock thrust into me , filling me completely .
I cried out as a string of curses flew from his mouth .


He held himself still above me , staring down at me , breath hissing through his teeth .
“ I ’ve only done this once before .
If I do something wrong , something you do n’t like , tell me , sweetheart .
Please , tell me . ”


It was impossible to form an answer when my body was still adjusting to him , to his size , so deep inside me .
All I could do was cling to him tighter .


On a groan , he pulled out and slid back in .


We both groaned .


Then he really started moving .


His big body covered mine , rolling , driving into me .
His grunts and growls filled my head , and I felt his muscles bunching beneath my hands as he thrust into me over and over again .


He looked down on me , jaw tight , teeth clenched , the tendons in his neck bulging under his skin , and I moaned his name .


“ Christ , wrapped around me so tight .
So tight , sweetheart , ” he said , voice as rough as gravel .


I dug my heel into his firm ass and twisted my hips , grinding into his next thrust .


“ Oh God , oh fuck . ”
He squeezed his eyes shut tight .
“ You ca n’t do that .
You ca n’t move on me like that .
I wo n’t last , and I want this to last . ”


His face was flushed , his expression hiding nothing .
The man was sweet and fierce all at once .
“ I ’ m nearly there already , Hank , ” I said .
“ You ’re perfect .
This is perfect . ”


His eyes opened , and his hot gaze dropped to my chest , to my swaying breasts .
“ Look at you , ” he bit out .
“ Goddammit , Birdie , my fantasy girl brought to life .
Do n’t want this to end .
Never want this to end . ”


His whole body went solid and I knew he was holding back , waiting for me to come first .
He did n’t have to wait long .
With the next thrust and grind of his hips , I screamed , my pussy clenching around his iron - hard length repeatedly as it drove into me without mercy .


“ I can feel it , can feel you … so good , ” he gritted out .
Hank wrapped one of his brawny arms under my hips and hauled them off the mattress , pulling me down on his cock as he thrust up , filling me over and over again , filling the air with more of his sexy grunts and growls .
All I could do was hang on and take it , take each exquisite , brutal thrust of his powerful body .


I watched in awe as his head flew back and he groaned loud enough to rattle the windows , making me shudder with every pulse of his cock as he shot hot and hard inside me .


He collapsed on top of me then quickly rolled to the side , taking me with him , and he hung on tight .


I absorbed his warmth and let my eyes drift shut .
I was asleep in minutes .


I woke in the middle of the night .
Hank was on his side curled into my back , heavy arm over my waist , snoring softly .
I even liked his snoring .
I liked knowing he was there , that I was n’t alone .


I liked the way he looked at me , the way he made me feel like the loveliest woman he ’d ever seen , like even if we were in a room full of beautiful , perfect women , it would only be me that he ’d see .


I liked it all , everything that was Hank .
In fact , I was pretty sure _like_ was n’t a strong enough word for what I felt for Hank Smith , not by a long shot .


God , what we ’d done — I had never experienced anything like that in my life .
I was slick between my legs , traces of Hank , of the way he ’d taken me , still there .
I ’d never had unprotected sex in my life .
But I had n’t even thought about it last night .
Thankfully , I was on the pill .
And I could n’t regret it .
I would never regret one moment of my time with Hank .


But I knew it was time to go , that there would be people worried about me .
They probably thought I was dead .
I did n’t want to leave , not this cabin , not Hank .
But Hank liked his own company .
Soon he ’d want his solitude back .
He did n’t want anyone else in his life .


I ’d never quite felt like I fitted in anywhere .
When I was with Hank , though , it felt right .
Being there with him felt right .


I needed to go back down the mountain , to my little rental house , before I got even more attached to him than I already was .
I needed to go back to the real world , a world that was lonely , and would now be even lonelier because there ’d be no Hank in it .


I squeezed my eyes shut , but it was no use .
The first tear fell , followed by the second .


Somehow , I ’d fallen in love with Hank Smith , and tomorrow I had to tell him to take me home .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


Hank walked in with an armful of firewood and dumped it in the wood bin by the fire .


I watched him , the way he moved , the sounds he made , the intense look in his eyes .
Always intense .


Always searching .


When he looked at me sometimes , I thought he was trying to get inside my head , that he wanted to read my thoughts .
I was obviously imagining it .
The fact that he had n’t asked to know more , to learn more about me and my life , said it all really .
He did n’t want to know more because there was no point .
I hated the way that stung .


Hank was n’t some player , some jerk using me to get his rocks off .
He was a good man , a man used to being on his own .
And he liked it that way .
At least he ’d been honest .


I ’d just finished making the bed , so I moved toward him , stopping on the other side of the table .
“ It looks good outside .
Clear . ”


His back was to me and he stilled like he often did , in that unnatural way , like if he was still enough no one would notice him .
Did he know he did that , that he froze when he was out of his comfort zone ?


He grunted in response .


“ It has n’t snowed in three days , ” I said , pointing out the obvious , trying to get him to talk to me .
There was a reason he had n’t taken me home as soon as it cleared .
Would he admit it ?
The real reason he had n’t taken me home yet ?


He still was n’t looking at me .
“ Yeah , ” he said .


I forced myself to say the words I ’d been dreading all night .
“ I was wondering if maybe … if the trails were clear … if it was time to go home ? ”


He turned to me , his eyes not meeting mine .
“ Your ankle … ”
He rubbed the back of his neck .
“ You think it ’s strong enough ? ”


I took him in , his posture , the way the muscle at the side of his jaw jumped , the way his fingers curled and uncurled at his sides .


Hank knew as well as I did that my ankle was fine .
It had been fine for days .
I ’d even gone to check traps with him .
Was this …


My eyes shot up to his .
He still was n’t looking at me .


He did n’t want me to go .


This was his way of asking me if I felt the same , if I wanted to stay up there , with him , for longer .
My heart started to race .
God , I did , so much , more than anything in the world .
But prolonging this would only prolong the pain .
The end .


I had to get back to the real world and stop living in this fantasy one .


“ Hank , ” I called , and his eyes finally landed on mine .
I felt my lower lip tremble , but I made myself say what needed to be said .
“ Yes , it ’s … it ’s strong enough . ”


He flinched , and I felt it , like someone reaching into my chest and squeezing until I could n’t breathe .


Finally , he dipped his chin .
“ We ’ll leave first thing in the morning . ”


He did n’t say much after that .
Neither of us did .
What was there to say ?
I knew once we reached the bottom of this mountain , once he delivered me home , I would n’t see him again .
I also knew I ’d regret it for the rest of my life if I did n’t spend one more earth - shattering night with him .
If I did n’t tell him , show him , how much he meant to me .


I was still trying to work up the courage to say it , to ask him if he ’d give me that , as it grew late .
We ’d eaten , I ’d cleaned up , and it was nearing the time we usually went to bed .


Tonight , things were n’t the same , though .
Hank seemed edgy , distracted , and my heart had been racing since I ’d decided to tell him I needed to go home .


The air in the cabin felt thick , electric .
The tension was so dense my limbs felt weak .
He would n’t make the first move , though , not tonight , not after I asked to leave .


I turned to him .
“ Hank . ”


He lifted his head and when his eyes locked with mine , the oxygen was knocked from my lungs .
“ Yeah ? ” he rumbled , voice thick , pure gravel .


“ Tonight ’s our last night , and I … I want … ”


He stood , resting his closed fists on the tabletop .
“ What do you want , Birdie ? ”


“ I want for us to — ”


The door banged open and a fur - covered monster stomped in .


My hand flew to my chest and I stumbled back .
Hank was around the table , catching me around the waist before I could fall , and held me there .


“ Jesus Christ , Beau , ” Hank gritted out .


Beau ?


The monster shoved back a fur hood .
“ Surprise , ” he said , then his eyes slid to me .
“ Though it turns out the surprise is all mine . ”
His eyes lifted to Hank .
“ Who do we have here ? ”


Beau was almost the spitting image of Hank .
Maybe not quite as built .
Still big , but not Hank big , though I doubted many were .
They were about the same height .
Beau ’s beard was trimmed , not as long , and his hair was a little shorter .


But the main difference was the smile on his face .
I ’d never seen Hank smile , not like the one curving Beau ’s lips .


_And you never will . _


“ Why are you here ? ”
Hank said instead of answering .


Beau frowned .
“ You know why I ’ m here .
You were due back three days ago . ”


Hank cursed .
“ Lost track of time . ”


“ I can see why , ” Beau said .


Since Hank was n’t offering up any information , Beau ’s eyes slid to me .
“ I ’ m Hank ’s brother , Beau . ”
He slid off his gloves and held out a hand to shake .


“ Birdie , ” I said , taking it .


“ I take it I ’ m interrupting ? ”
He grinned , but I could tell by the way his eyes slid back to his brother that he was full of questions .
He was far more shocked at finding me there with his brother than he was letting on .


“ Hank rescued me .
I got separated from my group .
I was lost and then Hank showed up .
I would have frozen to death if it was n’t for him . ”


Beau ’s eyebrows shot up .
“ Birdie Winters ? ”


“ How did you know ? ”


“ They think you ’re dead . ”
He cursed .
“ Since the snow ’s finally let up , they ’d planned a search party .
They ’re heading up tomorrow … to bring down a body . ”


Oh God .
I felt ill .


Beau shook his head .
“ What the hell were you thinking ? ” he said to Hank .
“ Why did n’t you bring her down two days ago when the tracks started to clear ? ”
He pulled something from his pocket .


“ She hurt her ankle .
Could n’t move her , ” Hank said .


Beau gave me a once - over .
“ She ’s not favoring it now .
Seems all right to me . ”


I felt my face heat .


Beau ’s gaze came back to my face , then it shot back to Hank and he grinned again .


“ Do n’t say one fucking word , ” Hank growled .


“ Was n’t going to . ”
Beau held something up .
“ You ’re lucky I have this . ”
He glanced at me .
“ Satellite phone .
I ’ll call , let them know you ’re safe and well and coming back … ”
His brows lifted , waiting for an answer .


“ Tomorrow , ” Hank said .


I listened as Beau made the call , then he helped himself to leftover dinner and plonked down in one of the chairs around the table .


Hank was quiet , surly , sitting opposite him .
I was in the only armchair in the room , by the fire .


Beau looked at Hank and smirked .
“ If you were n’t so damn stubborn and bought a goddamn phone I would n’t have had to come all the way up here .
I ’ m the one that should be pissed , not you . ”


“ I ’ m not pissed . ”


Beau snorted .
“ You look pissed from where I ’ m sitting . ”


Hank growled .


Beau laughed .


I sat there , fascinated , watching the exchange .
They were so alike in appearance , but that was as far as it went .


“ I can see why you ’d be annoyed , of course … ”


“ Beau , ” Hank said , warning clear in his voice .


“ You must have known I ’d show up here when you did n’t arrive home ? ”


Hanks jaw tightened .
“ Like I said , I lost track of time . ”


“ I ’ll bet , ” Beau said , then his eyes slid to me .


Hank shot to his feet , grabbed his brother by the back of his sweater and shoved him toward the door .
“ A word .
Outside . ”


Beau winked at me and let his brother push him out the door .
“ We ’ll be right back . ”


* 7 .
Hank 7 .
Hank { { { 1 # # 7


# Hank


Goddamn Beau .


How could I have forgotten my brother ?
We always let the other know how long we ’d be up here for .
We took each other ’s backs .
Our grandfather had drummed this into us as kids .
We always had a return date and if one of us did n’t show , the other went looking .


We ’d never had to go looking , which was why I did n’t even think about it .


_ “ Tonight ’s our last night , and I … I want … ” _


What did Birdie want ?
I had a feeling — a strong feeling — I knew exactly what she wanted from me , and Christ , I wanted to give it to her again more than anything in the world .
Over and over .
Now I might never get to be with her again like that , and it was my own damned fault .


My earth had moved on its axis last night .
Making love to Birdie had been life altering .
My feelings for her went far beyond lust — they had before I knew what it was to slide deep inside her , but now ?
Christ , I wanted to give her a lot more than that , more than the physical , I wanted to give her everything .


“ You can quit shoving , ” Beau said .
“ We ’re out of earshot . ”


I gave him one last push for the hell of it .
“ Why did you have to show up tonight ? ”


Beau actually looked sorry .
“ I thought you ’d fallen on your giant head and needed me to save your ass .
Brother , this is not my fault .
You really need to get a sat phone . ”


He was right , of course .
This was my own fault .
Beau was only making sure I was all right .
I cursed .


Beau stared at me , brows low .
“ What ’s going on here ? ”


My face heated .
I hated it .
We ’d talked about women before , but it was always Beau doing the talking and me doing the listening .
That ’s the way it had been our whole lives , and not just when it came to women .


“ You ’re sleeping with her ? ”
Beau asked .


“ No , I ’ m — ” I cut myself off , not able to lie .


Beau winced .
“ Shit , Hank , I ’ m sorry , man .
I messed up your night . ”


I shoved my hand through my hair .
“ I do n’t even know if that was going to happen again tonight .
I mean , we ’ve done it — ” I cut myself off again , feeling uncomfortable , something I never had around my brother .


Beau grinned again .
Bastard .
“ She ’s a beautiful woman . ”
His head tilted to the side .
“ You like her , do n’t you ?
A lot . ”


There was no point lying , Beau could read me , just like I could him .
“ Yeah . ”


“ You going to see her again ? ”


I shook my head .
“ What ’s the point ?
Birdie likes to move around .
She likes new places , new people .
She said herself she could n’t live like this . ”


Beau thumped me on the shoulder .
“ Shit , man , I ’ m sorry . ”


My brother got it , he understood .
He might work on a ranch during the summer , but that was only to save enough money to finish building his house .
I ’d inherited our grandfather ’s place , and we ’d split the land , but my brother needed his own home .


Beau had left for a while , tried life off the mountain , and had quickly worked out it was n’t for him .
So , yeah , he got it .
If we ever decided to settle down , get married , and have kids , we had to find a woman who could handle this life , or we ’d end up like our father .


“ I hardly know her .
We ’ve spent a week and a half up here together , that ’s all .
She ’ll go back to her life , and I ’ll carry on with mine .
I ’ m just … ”
I shrugged .
“ I feel something for her and I wanted her to be — I wanted … ”
I cursed again .
Taking about this was so goddamn hard .


“ You wanted to spend one last night with her . ”
Beau finished for me .


I dipped my chin .


“ For what it ’s worth , the way she was looking at you in there , she wanted the same thing . ”


I thought he might be right .


But there was nothing for it .
I ’d have to go back to life without her .


I ’d have to go back to settling for fantasies .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


We ’d been trekking for a few hours , stopping regularly so Birdie could rest .
Beau took the lead and I took the rear , making sure one of us could catch her if she tripped or fell .


We ’d left first thing this morning , after a shit night sleep .
I ’d slept on the chair and Beau on the floor .
I wanted to lie beside Birdie one more night , but I did n’t trust myself not to touch her .


She seemed fine .
Had been chatting the whole time .
Glad to be going home .
I did n’t want Birdie to be unhappy , but seeing just how happy she was , it stung .


I ’d kept quiet as Beau asked her all the questions I had n’t asked her , questions I ’d desperately wanted to ask .


“ So you ’re an only child ? ”
Beau asked .
“ How old were you when your father left ? ”


“ Yep , it was just me .
He left when I was a baby .
Mom raised me all on her own , but she died when I was eighteen . ”


“ I ’ m sorry , ” Beau said .
“ Do you have any other family ? ”


She shook her head .


We ’d both lost our parents , only Beau and I had been lucky enough to have our grandfather .
She ’d had no one .


“ Who watched out for you ? ”
I asked , speaking for the first time in more than an hour .
But I had to know .
The idea of Birdie being all on her own , with no one to make sure she was safe and had what she needed , was more than I could stand .


She glanced at me over her shoulder .


“ Eyes ahead , ” I said .


“ Right , sorry , ” she muttered .


She was n’t used to this type of terrain , and as much as I wanted her eyes on me , I wanted her to not sprain her ankle again more .


“ And no one , ” she added , eyes trained forward .
“ There was n’t anyone to watch out for me , but then I was used to looking after myself .
My mom had to work ; she had all my life .
I was used to being alone . ”


I hated that so much it burned like a ball of fire in my belly .


“ I guess you ’ll have a big welcome home party to look forward to when you get back , ” Beau said .
“ Your friends will want to celebrate that you ’re okay . ”


She was silent a beat .
“ I do n’t really have many … um , well , I kind of just — ” She cleared her throat .
“ I move around a lot , and I work , but other than that I do n’t really socialize much . ”


She did n’t have many friends ?
I assumed she picked up new friends wherever she went .


“ I do n’t really like crowds .
Lots of people make me nervous .
I like quiet , solitude .
I guess it ’s my own fault .
I do n’t go out much or try to meet people .
Well , going on a hike in the mountains with a group of strangers had been my first attempt in a long time , and look how that turned out . ”


Beau glanced back at me and I could see exactly what he was thinking .


_What the hell were you talking about last night ?
She ’d be perfect for this life , asshole . _


Beau had n’t spent a week with her , though .
He did n’t know about her travelling soul .
And there was solitude and there was living on a mountain away from all civilization with a man who avoided people like a contagious disease .
From what Birdie had said while we were at my cabin , she understood the difference , and the way I lived my life was n’t for her .


An hour later we were coming over the ridge to the homestead .


“ See just over there , ” Beau was saying .
“ You can see the roof . ”


“ Oh , yes , I see it . ”


My gut tightened .
For some ridiculous reason , I wanted her to see my place .
I wanted her to like it … no , love it .


_Idiot . _


It was n’t like she ’d see the home my grandfather built my grandmother , the place where my father then Beau and I had been raised , and fall in love with it .


Fall in love with me .


But , God , I wanted that .
So damn much .


* * *


* * _B irdie_ * *


I walked into Hank ’s house and did a slow turn .
It was gorgeous .


A lot of rustic wooden furniture , but all the solid pieces had the smooth edges of time and use .
These pieces had been made , used , and loved by the Smith family .
More than one generation .
The house was two levels .
A spacious living area with a huge open fire made of stone was at one end .
There were two couches , one worn , sage green velvet and the other , a faded chintz fabric .
Both had quilts across the backs that were obviously handmade by someone who had a talent for sewing .
The kitchen was off that and it was a decent size .
There was also a large family dining table that could seat ten people .
The door that was open off the kitchen , from what I could see , led to what looked like a mudroom .
I assumed the back door was out there as well and possibly a bathroom .


I ’d imagined myself living in places like this when I was a kid .
Even without the fire lit , the place exuded warmth .


This was a home .


The kind of place you put down roots and never walked away from .


“ You want to see upstairs ? ”
Hank asked .


I spun toward him .
I had n’t even noticed he ’d come in from outside , too busy marveling over his beautiful home .
I looked beyond him .
“ Where ’s Beau ? ”


“ He carried on to his place .
It ’s only a couple of miles that way . ”
He pointed toward one of the living room windows , out to the forest beyond .
“ Eaglewood ’s a two - hour drive on a shitty road .
Better if we take you back in the morning . ”
Hank pushed his hands in his pockets and tilted his head to the stairs .
“ You want to see the rest ? ” he asked again .


We were alone .
For the whole night .
“ I ’d love to . ”


He headed for the stairs .
“ I ’ve got electric here now .
Put up a wind turbine last summer .
So , got an electric stove , lights , water heater . ”


“ It ’s amazing .
Your home … Hank , it ’s beautiful . ”


“ My pops built it for my grandmother after they married . ”


I smiled .
“ He must have loved her very much . ”


Hank ’s eyes were locked on me .
“ He worshiped the ground she walked on . ”


His words were low and guttural , and I felt them all the way down to my toes .
Then he headed up the stairs and I followed .
He led me into a bedroom .
There were big windows on two sides and a double bed with an amazing bedframe made of logs that still had their natural shape but had been sanded and varnished .
I walked to the window and took in the spectacular view .
It was late afternoon and the sun was dropping low in the sky .
In the distance beyond a group of pines I could see another roof peaking from between them .


“ Is that Beau ’s house ? ”


Hank moved up beside me and dipped his chin .
“ We ’ve been building it for the last few years . ”


“ I bet it ’s as lovely as this house , ” I said .


His head swiveled to me on his thick neck and his eyes were bright when he said , “ It ’s pretty close . ”


I dragged in a deep breath at the look on his face , the way he was looking at me , the way it affected me , and turned to look back out the window .
“ The view from here , it ’s magical .
Is that all your land ? ”


“ Mine and Beau ’s . ”


God , this place was stunning , quiet , peaceful .
“ I can see why you love it here so much . ”


“ Yeah ? ”


I nodded .
“ You have a beautiful home , a lifestyle that a lot of people would kill for . ”
I smiled at him .
“ You know what you want and where you belong , Hank .
Not everyone gets that in their life .
I envy you . ”
I ’d never felt that , not once .
Even when my mom was alive .
With the apartments we lived in , the constant moving , I never once had that sense of home , of security , of belonging .


He stared at me for several long seconds , the air getting thicker the longer we stood there .


“ Is this your room ? ”
I said into the tense silence .


He shook his head .
“ Spare room .
Mine ’s down at the end of the hall .
There ’s another one next door and a bathroom beside that .
I got a septic tank here , so the shower , bath , and toilet ’s inside . ”


“ A shower ? ”
I ’d kill for a hot shower .


“ Water ’s already on , so you can go ahead and use it whenever you want . ”


He showed me the rest of the house .
He did n’t go into his room , just shoved the door open and said , “ My room . ”
His bed was huge , with the same amazing rustic log frame and gorgeous quilts .
There were windows on two sides in there as well , a large dresser beside the door , and several faded rag rugs on the floor .


We headed back downstairs , and I grabbed my meager possessions .
“ I might just grab that shower now , if that ’s okay ? ”


“ Of course .
You can use anything of mine if you want clean clothes .
Just grab something out of my drawers . ”
He moved to the fire and set about lighting it , his back to me .


I stood at the foot of the stairs , my heart beating faster , my body hot and aching from just being in the same room as him , and forced myself to ask , “ Which room should I put my bag in ? ”


He went still , in that way he always did , but did n’t turn to look at me .
“ Choice is yours , Birdie . ”


_The choice was mine . _


I rushed upstairs .
I ’d been determined to spend another night with him , and I wanted to still , but as much as my body and my heart were screaming at me to take my bag to Hank ’s room , my head was shouting her opposition just as loud .


I was in love with him — there was no denying it .
If I slept with him , let him make love to me , I did n’t know if I would ever recover .


I quickly showered , and on my way back , since I was still undecided about what I should do , I dropped my bag inside the door of the spare room closest to the stairs .
When I came down , the fire was blazing , and Hank had made an omelet for supper .
While we ate , I asked him questions about his life growing up there .


I had no idea what time it was .
We ’d been talking a long time , and it was dark outside .
A wave of exhaustion washed over me .
The fire had warmed the large house easily , and after the walk there today , I was feeling it .


I did n’t want to go to sleep , though — not yet .
This was our last night together .


Hank went upstairs to use the bathroom .
He was up there a little while , and when he came back down he seemed different , quieter .


He picked up the plates .
“ I ’ m calling it a night .
We ’ll leave first thing , ” he said , then he stomped up the stairs and vanished .


I stared after him , my heart racing again .


He ’d obviously seen my bag in the spare room .
He was disappointed .
I sat there for several minutes , trying to decide what to do .


In the end , my heart — my body — was screaming louder than my head .


If I did n’t go to him tonight , I ’d regret it for the rest of my life .


* 8 .
Birdie 8 .
Birdie { { { 1 # # 8


# Birdie


I was positive I hit every creaky board as I made my way up the stairs .
There was no way he did n’t know I was coming .
Well , he thought I was coming up to sleep in the spare room .


I was n’t .


Nerves twisted tighter as I walked past the first bedroom .
I had no idea why I was anxious .
It was n’t like we had n’t had sex before .
But this was different , was n’t it ?
Tonight , I wanted to give myself to him , show him how I felt , take that next step … even though that step led nowhere .
Because not experiencing that with him one more time was unthinkable .


What if he ’d changed his mind ?
What if he turned me away ?


It was a risk I was willing to take .
Since my mom died , I had n’t taken a lot of those .
My life had been in constant upheaval for a lot of years and I ’d wanted the opposite of that .
But instead , I ’d taken the easy route , the road I was familiar with , and I ’d clung to it .


I did n’t want to be that girl tonight .


The door was slightly ajar , and I gave it a little push .
His room was dark but there was an orange glow from a small fire on the right .
I had n’t noticed it when Hank showed me around .
It had n’t been going .
It was down to embers , left to burn out .


“ You need something , Birdie ? ”


I spun around to the huge bed on the other side of the room .
It was too dark to see Hank clearly , but the moonlight provided enough light that I could see the looming form of his impressive body sitting on the side of his bed .
His elbows were on his knees and his head was in his hands .
Those beautiful , big , rough hands .


I knew instantly that he ’d lit that fire for me .
He ’d wanted me there with him tonight and when I put my bag in the spare room , he ’d let it go out .


“ Yes , ” I whispered .
“ I need something . ”


I watched him drop his hands and twist to me , silent a beat .
“ You still hungry ? ”


“ No , ” I said softly , shakily .


“ There are more blankets in the hall cupboard if you ’re cold . ”


“ No , I ’ m not cold . ”
I took a step closer .


More silence .
He ’d gone still .


I watched his wide chest shudder , and heard the sound of his rough exhale .
“ What do you want , Birdie ? ”


I was halfway to him .
He still had n’t moved , but I knew he was watching me .
The way the moonlight filtered in meant that I was under its spotlight and he was in shadow , but I knew his eyes had n’t left me once .
I kept coming until I was right in front of him , only a few inches from his spread thighs .
Reaching out , I cupped his jaw , his beard prickling my palm , and slid my thumb over the warm skin of his cheek just below his eye .


He took another shuddering breath .


“ Birdie … ” he rasped .


“ I want you , Hank , before tomorrow comes and this ends . ”


His hands shot out and gripped my waist , fingers digging in , and he groaned as he tugged me forward , filling the space between his splayed thighs with my body .
His head dropped forward , resting against my chest , and those strong hands slid up and down my sides .


I threaded my fingers through his hair and gently tilted his head back , so I could see his face .
“ Do you want me ? ”


His fingers dug deeper , pulling me in closer .
“ Yes .
Christ , so much . ”


He was only wearing his boxers .
I was still dressed , so I tugged off my sweater and proceeded to strip under Hank ’s hooded gaze .
When I was down to my panties , he grabbed my hands and held them behind my back .


“ Let me just look at you , ” he said , shaking his head .
“ Fuck , Birdie .
I dreamed of you , sweetheart , before I found you that day .
I dreamed of you , but I never thought … I never thought … ”
He leaned in and pressed his mouth to belly , cutting himself off .


_Oh God . _


I kept my fingers firmly in his hair as he dragged his mouth over my bare skin up to my breast , drawing a nipple into his mouth , teasing me until the hard peaks were dark and tight and so sensitive I thought I might actually come that way .
But then he moved lower until his lips teased the top of my underwear .


One of his hands left my waist and cupped my pussy , middle finger pressing deeper , giving much - needed pressure to my aching clit , and making me moan .


“ So wet , sweetheart .
Soaked . ”


“ Yes , ” I said and shamelessly spread my legs wider for more of his touch .


Shoving my panties aside , he pushed a finger inside me , and then his mouth was there , sucking my clit through the damp fabric .
I cried out and used my grip on his hair to hold him there , never wanting him to stop .
That long finger of his had no trouble finding and working me deep inside , and when he added a second and pushed even deeper , a gush of wetness left me .
Going by his growl , he ’d felt it , felt what he did to me , how much I wanted him , how close I was to coming around his thrusting fingers .


“ Oh God … I ’ m going to … ”
His fingers vanished , and I was lifted , spun , and planted in his bed .
I cried out , frustrated at being deprived of his touch , of the orgasm that was only seconds away .


Hank covered me , shoving my legs wide .
I gasped at the feel of his massive erection , and ground up against him , lost to the pulsing need I had for him .


“ When you come , it ’s going to be around my cock again , not my fingers , Birdie . ”


“ Yes , ” was all I could manage to say .


The sound of tearing fabric filled the air as he tore my underwear from my body .
I reached down and shoved his boxers over his ass .
One of his hands moved between us and he shoved them down at the front , freeing his beautiful cock .


“ Please , ” I said on a moan .
“ Please , Hank .
God , I need you . ”


He made a pained gasping sound and buried his face against the side of my neck .
“ I … fuck , ” he bit out .
“ I do n’t think I ’ll ever stop wanting you . ”


My head was still spinning from his words when I felt the head of his cock nudging against me , dragging through my slit , through my wetness , then pressing against my opening .
I spread wider for him , accommodating his massive body , and cried out when he started pushing inside , filling me .
I clawed at his back , sucking and biting at his shoulder as he stretched me wider , wanting more , wanting to feel him thrusting into me with all his immense power .


“ You feel so good , sweetheart , so perfect and warm and tight , ” he said through gritted teeth .
“ So wet for me .
That ’s all for me , is n’t it , beautiful ?
You love the feel of me inside you ? ”


Did he even need to ask ?
I turned my head , my mouth to his ear .
“ I ’ve never wanted anyone the way I want you . ”


I felt a shudder move through his frame , then his hips snapped forward and he filled me to the root , giving me all of him .
I screamed and dropped my hands to his ass , digging in my nails .
Wanting more .
Wanting everything .
He lifted his head , and his mouth came down on mine , his tongue thrusting in time with the thrust of his hips .
He slammed into me over and over in a way that was all about animal need , about listening to his body and what I did to him .


I felt my orgasm rushing me , and knew it was going to blow me apart .
I had no control over my thrashing limbs , my nails scoring his skin , or over the sounds I made .


“ Do n’t stop , never stop , ” I cried as I started tightening , spasming around him , crying out as it hit , and fired through me .
My toes curled , and I was only half aware of Hank lifting to his elbows above me .
I held nothing back , absorbed it all , released everything , gave it all to him .
If this was our last time together , I refused to hold one damn thing back from him .


When the last waves of pleasure washed over me , forcing helpless moans past my lips , I opened my eyes .
Hank was hovering over me , his gaze moving over my face , intense , dark , hooded .
Fierce .


He was still hard , his thrusts slower but powerful .
“ You ’re so beautiful , Birdie .
Watching you like this , Christ … I ’ll never forget a second .
Never . ”


He started moving faster , more intense , but he did n’t bury his face against my neck .
He stayed where he was , eyes locked on mine .
I saw it when he was about to come — could see the way his features tightened , the way his mouth flattened — and I was right there with him again , another orgasm building inside me hard and fast .


His body started trembling and I held him tighter .


“ Birdie … ”
God , the sound that left him was close to a sob as his thrusts got wilder , the rhythm unmeasured .
“ Only you , ” he said , then he grunted out my name over and over , his cock pulsing inside me , filling me with everything he had .


* * *


* * _H ank_ * *


Birdie lay curled into my front , her face buried against my chest , each exhale tickling my chest .
I ’d woken up hard , but with her warm breath on me , her smooth soft curves , her small hands holding me , I was getting harder by the second .


Her face as she came apart under me flashed through my mind .
I ’d never forget it , never .
Thinking about letting her go , taking her home today , physically hurt .
But I could n’t hold her here , no matter how much I wanted to .
I could n’t keep her trapped in the mountains and expect her to be happy .


How could I be enough for her ?


I could n’t ; I knew that much .
My dad , Beau , and me , we had n’t been enough for my mom .
I ’d watched her fade over the years , lose the sparkle , the joy in her eyes , until she finally could n’t take another minute stuck out here and walked away , never looking back .


I could n’t , would n’t do that to Birdie , no matter how much I wanted her , how much I loved her …


_I love her . _


Birdie moaned softly , and tingles shot down my spine .
Her hands gripped me tighter , her arms sliding around my belly , and she nuzzled her face against my chest .
I thought she might still be asleep , but then she tilted her head back and smiled up at me .
Her eyes were sleepy and hooded , hair wild around her face and shoulders .


“ Hey , ” she said , voice still husky and sexy as hell from sleep .


Christ , she was beautiful .
My gut clenched , and my cock pulsed against her soft belly .
“ Hey . ”


She pressed a kiss to my throat , no hesitation , then gently nudged my shoulder with her hand .
I rolled to my back and she immediately climbed on top of me .
Her smile turned to a grin , and my heart stuttered behind my ribs then burst into action , hard and thumping as I looked up at her .


“ I want you , Hank .
You okay with that ? ” she said , eyes not hiding one ounce of what she was feeling in that moment , how true her words were .


I lifted a hand and curled it around the side of her head , my fingers burrowing in her warm hair .
“ God , yes . ”
I pulled her down and kissed her , deep and wet , filled with everything she was making me feel as well .


She ground her wet pussy against my stomach and I growled , my hips thrusting up , seeking her out all on their own .
She did n’t break the kiss , but reached behind her , gripped my erection , lifted her lovely round ass , positioned me , and stank down , talking all of me inside her in one downward stroke .


I groaned , my hips snapping up again at the exquisite feel of her wrapped around me , so hot and wet and perfect .
But I kept my eyes on Birdie , watching as she rose up , the way her mouth dropped open as I filled her , the way her cheeks grew more flushed with every passing second .


Her hands slid up my chest , nails digging in , then she rolled her hips , squeezing around me at the same time .
I barked out a curse , my hands going to her hips to hang on .


She bit her lower lip and did it again .
“ God , Hank , y - you ’re so deep . ”


My fingers sunk into her flesh hard enough to leave bruises , holding her tighter .
Sweat beaded my forehead and it was taking everything in me not to roll her to her back and pound into her over and over again .
“ Fuck me , Birdie .
Please , sweetheart , I need you to fuck me . ”


Goosebumps lifted over her skin then she started moving — really moving .
Lifting up and grinding down , working her hips against mine in a way that had the ability to make me insane .
The sounds of our lovemaking filled the room : panted breaths , her gasps and moans , my deep grunts , wet flesh slapping wet flesh .


Her breasts bounced and swayed , and I gripped one in my hand , shuddering at the way she overflowed my fingers , at the feel of her tight nipple against my palm .


She moaned desperately .


Then I felt it , felt her clutching my cock over and over again .
Her scream echoed around the room as she came for me — and I lost it .
Curling my arm around her waist , I flipped her to her back and went with my instincts .
I hitched one knee high , so she was spread wider , so I went deeper , and pounded into her with frenzied thrusts that jarred her whole body and had her tightening more , screaming all over again .


My own orgasm nailed me , and I slammed forward , filling her as deep as I could go .
I roared like the animal I was in that moment , filling her with my come , grunting with every pulse of my cock .


My body trembled so hard the bed shook .
I pressed hot kisses over her cheeks , her forehead , her lips .
“ So perfect , sweetheart , so damn perfect .
What will I do without you ? ”
I gripped her tighter , shoved my face against her throat , and kissed the racing pulse there .
“ What am I going to do ? ”


* 9 .
Birdie 9 .
Birdie { { { 1 # # 9


# Birdie


His words swam around my head .
What was he saying ?
Or was it just something he ’d said in the heat of the moment ?


I was trying to figure out how to reply when a door slammed .
“ Yo ! ”
Beau ’s voice echoed up from downstairs .


Hank stilled a split second then lifted his head .
His eyes did n’t meet mine .
“ We better get up .
We ’ve got a long drive ahead of us . ”


My fingers flexed , pressing into the dense muscle of his back , and I watched his eyes slide shut .
He leaned in , pressed a kiss to my mouth , then rolled away .


I wanted to pull him back and never let him go .


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


From Hank ’s home , we could travel by truck to town .
There was n’t really a road , more like a track , but my aching thigh muscles were thankful for it .
I was n’t sure I could walk another mile .
I was sandwiched between Hank and Beau , since he needed supplies from town , and I found myself leaning into Hank , soaking in every bit of him I could before I had to say goodbye .


Beau chatted the whole way .
Hank stayed quiet .


The two - hour drive flew by , far quicker than I would have liked .
We dropped Beau off in the center of the small town to get what he needed , and my heart raced as Hank looked down at me .


“ Where ’s your place , Birdie ? ”


I gave him directions and we drove there in silence .
Finally , he pulled up outside the small cottage I rented and turned off his truck .
We climbed out and he walked me to my door .


I found my key in my backpack and let myself in . Hank followed me inside and I watched as he took in my small home .
I sewed and did a lot of arts and crafts to fill in my weekends , since they were usually spent on my own , and Hank was absorbing it all .


My couch was covered in cushions and had a patchwork quilt over the back .
“ You made those ? ”
Hank asked .


“ Yes . ”
I hated how husky my voice sounded .
The sadness I was feeling was coming through loud and clear .


“ They ’re nice , ” he said .
“ My grandmother used to sew . ”


“ I assumed the quilts must have been hers when I saw them .
She was talented . ”


He turned from my couch , gaze coming to me .
“ She loved it .
Often filled her days in her sewing room . ”
He shrugged .
“ She loved the life ; it suited her .
My grandfather was a lucky man to find that . ”


“ You do n’t think you ever will ? ”
I asked , my heart in my throat .


His Adam ’s apple slid up and down his thick neck as he swallowed .
“ It ’s a hard , lonely life .
I think … ”
His jaw tightened .
“ I think I ’d be asking too much of any woman to live out there with me . ”


_I would , in a heartbeat . _


The thought shot through my mind , sucking the oxygen from my lungs .
That was n’t me , though , was it ?
I did n’t stay in one place .


I did n’t know how .


He rubbed the back of his neck .
“ Good thing I prefer to be on my own , I guess . ”


And there it was .


Even if I decided to try and live in one place , to put down roots , it would n’t be with Hank .
He did n’t want me , not in a permanent way , and , God , that hurt .
I guess it was my own damn fault for falling for him , for letting my feelings run away with me when I knew there were reasons , good reasons , we could n’t work .


“ Yes … good thing , ” I said , and it came out as a whisper .


I took a step back , suddenly needing distance from him , before I said or did something to humiliate myself .
Like throw myself at his feet , wrap my arms around his legs , and beg him to take me back with him .
“ Right , well , I better call my boss and tell him I ’ m back .
I need to get groceries and … ”
My words were cut short by the lump lodged in my throat .


Hank ’s eyes had n’t left me , not once .
He dipped his chin .
“ I better go find Beau . ”


“ Of course . ”
I forced a smile .
“ Thank you , Hank , for everything .
You saved my life and I ’ll never forget that . ”


His whole body tightened — like he was holding himself back ?
That was probably wishful thinking .
But then he ’d made no secret that he enjoyed my company , in his bed , anyway .
The attraction between us was one thing that was real , unlike my delusions of us together as anything more .


Suddenly , he was moving toward me , but he did n’t scoop me up and kiss me silly or carry me to my bed and take me one last time .
He leaned in and kissed my forehead .


I squeezed my eyes shut , and worked hard not to let the tears welling in my eyes spill over .


“ Goodbye , Birdie . ”


“ Bye , Hank . ”


Then he turned away and walked out the door .


His truck started a few minutes later and I walked to the window and watched him drive away .


Tomorrow , life would go back to the way it was before — no cabin in the mountains , no sitting by an open fire , no warm body beside me every night …


No Hank .


* * *


* * _H ank_ * *


I gripped my steering wheel and forced myself to keep driving away , away from her .


_ “ Good thing I prefer to be on my own , I guess . ” _


My own words ricocheted around my skull .


It was a lie .


I thought I did , before Birdie .
Before I knew what it was to have her in my life .
God , I ’d only said it so she would n’t feel sorry for me , so she would n’t pity me .
I ’d seen the look in her eyes .


Pity for the recluse living alone on his mountain .


What else could it be ?


I saw Beau standing on the side of the road , grocery bags by his feet , and a woman at his side , talking to him .


My brother ’s arm shot out when he saw me , so I did n’t miss him .
I pulled over and he put his bags in the back , climbed in , and we headed off .


“ Thank God you came when you did , Nadine Cooper was starting to get handsy . ”
Beau said , then sat back .


I said nothing .
My head was full of Birdie , of how wrong it felt driving away from her .
How much I did n’t want to leave her in that small house all alone .


“ Yo , Hank ? ”


I glanced at my brother .


His brows lifted .
“ I called your name like eight times . ”


I shrugged .


I felt Beau ’s eyes on me and knew he was building up to say something .
It did n’t take long .


“ Did you make a date to see her again ? ”


I shook my head .


“ Why the hell not ? ”


“ What would be the point ? ”
I said .


“ You slept with her again ? ”
Beau asked .


“ That ’s none of your damned business . ”


“ You slept with her again , ” he said , this time it was n’t a question .
“ Brother , you ’ve had opportunity to be with women before , and you chose not to .
Birdie was different , though .
I could see it the minute I walked into your cabin .
You wanted her , no doubt , but it was more .
You feel something for her . ”


“ Leave it , Beau .
I ’ m not talking about this . ”


“ Mom hurt you , she hurt all of us , when she left and never looked back .
Do n’t let her do it again , Hank .
Do n’t give her that power .
Do n’t assume every woman you meet is like her . ”


_ “ Please , Mom , do n’t leave . ”
I ran after her . _


_She stopped when I grabbed her hand , and looked down at me .
“ I have to , Hank .
Being here . . .it ’ s killing me , ” she said then pulled away from me , climbed in the truck , and drove away . _


_I turned to my dad .
How could he let her leave us ?
How could he let her leave me ?
My dad turned and walked away , but I did n’t miss the tears in his eyes . _


_I realized in that moment there was nothing he could have done to make her stay . _


_She just did n’t want us anymore . _


I shoved the memory to the back of my mind where it belonged .
“ I said I ’ m not talking about this . ”


“ You ’re making a mistake , ” Beau said .


Was I ?
All I knew was having Birdie for close to two weeks and walking away was like tearing out my heart and leaving it at her feet .
I would n’t survive if she gave me more , made me hope for more , then left .


Neither one of us spoke for the rest of the drive .
I dropped Beau at his place and carried on to mine .


Once I got home , everything would be okay .
Everything would go back to normal , to life before Birdie .


But when I walked inside and looked around , I saw her everywhere .
In my living room , sitting by the fire , walking up the stairs .
She ’d only been there for one night , but the mark she ’d left behind was profound .


When I climbed into bed that night , I could smell her on my sheets , could remember the way she ’d felt pressed against me … the way she looked straddling me this morning , riding me .


The way she looked when she came apart for me .


I stared at the ceiling .


What the hell was I going to do ?


* 10 .
Hank 10 .
Hank { { { 1 # # 10


# Hank


I heard Beau ’s truck before I saw it .
It was as old as dirt , and after he finished building his house , he planned on buying a new one .
None of these things were happening fast enough as far as Beau was concerned , so I did everything I could to help him .


I finished nailing down the sheet of roof iron that had come loose , slid my hammer in my belt , and climbed down the ladder .


Beau climbed out of his truck and tossed something my way .


I caught it .
The nails I ’d wanted .
“ Thanks . ”


Beau reached back into his truck and came out with a bag in one hand and a plate in the other .


He grinned .
“ Beer and ” — he lifted the plate higher — “ cake . ”


I smirked .
“ One of your admirers ? ”


Beau started toward me .
“ Nope . ”


“ Where did it come from ? ”
I asked as we headed to the seats on the porch .


“ Birdie , ” Beau said casually .


I stumbled up the step , then spun to face him .
“ Birdie ?
You saw her ? ”


Beau followed me up the stairs , took a seat , pulled a beer from the bag , and took his sweet goddamn time answering me .


He twisted off the cap , took a sip , and sat back .
“ Yep . ”


_Yep ? _


Asshole .


I had n’t seen her in two goddamn weeks and I was slowly losing my mind .
“ You want to elaborate ? ”
I gritted out .


His eyes , identical to mine , slid my way .
“ What do you want to know ? ”


Jesus , he had me .
I ’d been acting like I did n’t care , that walking away from her was no big deal .
He knew I was full of it , though .
Why the hell did I even bother trying to pretend otherwise ?
“ Everything , ” I rasped , giving up all pretense of not caring .
“ Tell me everything . ”


My brother ’s eyes softened , and I hated it , hated that he could see how much this was killing me , because it would hurt him just as much to see me this way .
That ’s just how we were .


He sat forward .
“ I saw her outside the library .
She ’d just finished for the day . ”


My fingers curled at my sides .
“ How did she look ? ”


“ Pretty , ” Beau said .
“ She was wearing these jeans with butterflies and shit at the pockets , and a fluffy blue sweater .
All that beautiful dark wavy hair of hers was loose down her back . ”
He took a pull of his beer and levelled his eyes back on me .
“ And sad , Hank .
She looked like she ’d lost someone she loved . ”


I jerked back .
“ What ? ”


“ There was no way to miss it , the pain she was feeling , but there was a split second when she first spotted me , just a moment , where I knew she thought I was you … and , brother , she lit up like a sunrise . ”


I gripped one of the porch railings .
“ You talked to her ? ”


“ She asked after you , wanted to know how long I was in town and if I could swing by her place before I headed home . ”
He motioned to the cake .
“ She rushed home and baked that for you .
Wanted me to drop it off . ”


I looked at the cake .
Chocolate .
She remembered how much I liked it .
How my grandmother used to make me one every birthday .


“ Think it ’d only be polite to thank her in person , do n’t you ? ”
Beau said .


I looked at my brother .
“ I do n’t know , I ca n’t — ”


“ She ’s leaving , Hank . ”


My knees nearly buckled .
“ What ? ”


Beau leveled me with a look that made my gut clench painfully .
“ She was in the middle of packing . ”


_No . _


“ She ’s not Mom , ” Beau said , and shoved his fingers through his hair .
“ Birdie ’s hurting .
She cares about you .
Christ , I think she might love you . ”
He shook his head .
“ That makes you the luckiest bastard I know .
I ’d give anything for that , for a good woman like Birdie . ”


I straightened .
I ’d never heard Beau talk like that .
“ But she ’s leaving … ”


“ Ask her to stay , ” he said .


I stared at Beau , still trying to recover from the eighteen - wheeler this news had just driven through my chest , but my brother had n’t finished .


“ You ’re not the only one who has shit they ’re dealing with because of Mom , and it ’s taken me a long time , a lot of wrong turns , to work out what I want .
And , Hank , if you do n’t go to her and tell you how you feel , if you do n’t stop her from getting in her car and driving away , that would also make you the dumbest bastard I know . ”


“ What if she leaves anyway ? ”
I said , voice like nails on rusted tin .


Beau held my stare .
“ What if she does n’t ? ”


* * *


* * _B irdie_ * *


I stood at the bathroom counter and looked at my pale reflection .


How long would it take for this not to hurt so much , for me not to miss him like something vital had been torn out of me ?


As every day passed I was more convinced that there would never be relief from it .
I loved him .
That did n’t just go away .
It might fade in time , but I knew with everything in me that I would always feel this way .


Staying in this town , having him close … I could n’t do it anymore .
I had to go .


I finished washing my face , patted it dry , and pulled my hair band out , letting my hair fall loose .


_Did he like the cake ?
Was he eating it now ? _


_Was he thinking of me ? _


I knew he liked to be alone , but the thought of him in that house all by himself — I hated it .
I worried that he might be lonely , if he was taking care of himself , if he was eating properly .
Ridiculous .
The man had been taking care of himself all his life .
He certainly was n’t starving himself .
He did n’t need me .


Still , I ’d made the damned cake , my way of saying goodbye , I guess .
I wanted to do something that would make him happy , maybe even put a smile on his face .


Let him know I cared .


I weaved around the boxes stacked in the hall , into my bedroom , and changed for bed .
The long - sleeved white thermal top had blue polka dots and was long , hitting mid - thigh .
I never bothered with PJ bottoms when I wore it — they only twisted during the night and made me crazy .


It was n’t late , but I was tired since I had n’t been sleeping much lately .
I knew I ’d still end up staring at the ceiling all night , but I had to try and get back into a routine .
My old routine , before Hank .


I headed to the kitchen and grabbed a glass out of one of the boxes on the counter .


There was a knock at the kitchen door .


I spun toward it , my hand flying to my chest .


The door was half wood , half clear glass .
It was at the back of the house , so I ’d never really worried about it .


Standing on the other side of the window , one hand to the doorframe , head close to the glass , eyes locked on me … was Hank .


_Oh God . _


I was moving across the room before my brain fully registered .


I flicked the lock and yanked open the door .


“ You ’re leaving ? ” he said on a harsh whisper .


“ Hank … ”


He stepped forward , colliding with me , and my words stalled in my throat when his arms banded around me and he buried his face against the side of my throat .


My heart pounded against the back of my ribs as I listened to him breathe deep .


“ God , I missed you so damn much , ” he said against my skin , his big body trembling against mine .
“ Ca n’t think , ca n’t eat , ca n’t fucking breathe without you . ”
His lips brushed my neck .
“ Need you , Birdie , need you so bad .
You ca n’t , you ca n’t leave me . ”


My hand went to the side of his face .
“ I need you , too . ”
His head lifted , mouth seeking mine as I did the same .
His tongue thrust past my lips , tangling with mine , and there was a desperation , an urgency , that made my head spin .


His big , rough - skinned hands dropped to my ass and his fingers slid up under my shirt then down the back of my underwear .
“ Need inside you , sweetheart .
Christ , I ’ll die if I do n’t get inside you . ”


He kept moving until my back hit the wall .


“ Then take me , ” I said , my voice as raw with need as his .


He moaned and tugged on my underwear , shoving them down my legs .
As soon as they were off , his hand slid between my thighs , cupping me .
“ Pussy ’s so wet , Birdie , so wet and hot for me . ”


“ Yes , ” I said as my hands dropped to the front of his jeans and I tugged at his belt , undoing it then popping the button .
I nipped his lower lip then sucked it as I slid down the zipper and freed his iron - hard erection .
“ God , I need you . ”


His breathing was hard , harsh .
Each breath came out as a gasp , pitched high , like he was fighting to control his emotions .
He lifted me off the ground , and my legs came around his waist .
Then he was there , his body pressing into me , every bit of his heat , his scent surrounding me .


He slammed up inside me , filling me in one hard thrust .


His mouth came back to mine and I fed him my scream of pleasure .
He stayed deep , twisting his hips , grinding into me , causing a nonstop assault deep inside and against my clit all at once .


“ Sweetheart , ” he said against my lips .
“ Oh fuck , sweetheart . ”


My whole body jolted as my orgasm exploded through me .
I sunk my nails into his shoulders and sucked his lips , his tongue , trying to pull him closer when that was impossible .
“ God , I love you , I love you so much , ” I cried out , unable to keep it in any longer .


Hank made a sound like a tormented animal , then he growled , pulled out , slammed back in , and came hard inside me .
My name flew from his lips and echoed around my small kitchen .


He glided in and out of me until the last pulse of his cock , until the last wave of pleasure rolled through us both .
He kissed my jaw and lifted his head .


His gorgeous blue eyes bore into me .
“ You … you love me ? ”


I could try and backtrack .
I could pretend it was the heat of the moment .
We ’d only known each other for such a short time .
But I knew how I felt , and I realized I did n’t want to take it back .


“ Yes , ” I said .
“ And when you dropped me off and drove away , I did n’t know how I was going to survive it .
I still do n’t . ”
I held nothing back .


“ I never thought , after my mom left , after seeing my dad suffer through that … ”
He let out a shuddering breath .
“ I thought I did something wrong , that somehow it was my fault she did n’t love me enough to stay , that I was n’t . . . ”
He shook his head .
“ I … I never thought I could be enough , enough for anyone .
God , for someone like you . ”


My heart was breaking for him .
How could he think that ?
“ Hank — ”


His eyes flared .
“ Say it again , Birdie . ”


I cupped his face , his beard tickling my palms , and held his desperate stare .
“ I love you , Hank Smith , ” I whispered .
“ So much . ”


A breath shuddered through him .
“ I love you , too , sweetheart .
Christ , more than I thought was possible .
I do n’t want to spend another night without you . ”


I shook my head .
“ Me either .
I could n’t bear it . ”


He dipped his face , bringing it even closer to mine .
“ But can you … can you give it all up to be with me ?
Can you be happy in the mountains … with me ? ”


I smiled , unable to control the joy filling me .
“ It does n’t matter where I am .
As long as I ’ m with you , I ’ll be happy . ”


His eyes searched mine , and there was fear there , fear that he could n’t hide from me .


“ Hank , what is it ? ”


He gripped me tighter .
“ Promise me , if you need more , if you ’re not happy , promise you ’ll talk to me first , that you wo n’t just leave me .
Promise me that . ”


“ I promise , ” I said , making sure he heard the truth in those words .
“ I ’ve never had a home , not a real one .
And being with you , Hank , you _are_ home .
You ’re what I ’ve been searching for my whole life .
Why would I ever leave that , leave you , now that I ’ve finally found you ?
It ’s not going to happen .
That will never happen . ”


He growled and carried me down the hall toward the bedroom .
“ Tell me you love me again . ”


“ I love you . ”


He dropped me onto the bed and covered me .
“ Again , ” he rasped .


I slid my hand up the side of his throat , pulling him closer , and said against his lips , “ I love you . ”


“ Birdie , ” he said in a way that lifted goosebumps over my skin .
“ I ’ll work every day to make sure you ’re happy .
Whatever you want , whatever you need , I ’ll — ”


“ Hank , ” I said .


He looked down at me .


“ I ’ve got you .
I already have everything I want and everything I need .
Love me and I ’ll be the happiest girl in the world .
That ’s all I need . ”


He buried his face against my throat again , and then he made love to me until the sun came up .


* Epilogue Epilogue { { { 1 # Epilogue


# # # Five years later


# # # Birdie


The sound of sweet little girl giggles filled the living room , followed by Hank ’s deep voice and his soft chuckles .


As always , hearing my husband with his girls got to me .
There was no sound I loved more .


I quickly put the last of the chocolate frosting swirls on the cake and turned to face them just in time .
Hank rounded the corner , a grubby four - year - old on each shoulder .


I grinned at Beth and Emmy , giving the twins a little nod , and they both yelled , “ Happy Birthday , Daddy ! ”


A huge smile spread across Hank ’s face before he dropped to one knee , lowering his daughters to the floor .
The girls threw their arms around his neck , planted a wet kiss on each cheek , then released him and rushed me for a piece of cake .


“ Daddy has to blow out his candles before we eat cake ! ”
I said .


They squealed and clapped their hands as Hank moved in closer and I lit the candles .
He dutifully blew them out , then I lit them again twice more so the girls each had a turn as well .


We all ate cake , and after a bath , Hank read them a story — and like always , fell asleep as soon as the girls did .
I walked in to find him in the armchair , Beth and Emmy asleep in his lap and draped over his chest .


I gently shook his shoulder , and he opened his eyes .


“ Let ’s get the girls to bed , ” I said and picked up Beth .
Hank did the same with Emmy , and we put them to bed , pulling the door closed behind us .


I took his hand and led him down the hall to our room .
“ I had a surprise for you , but I think you might be too tired . ”


His arms came around me from behind and he lifted me off the floor .
I stifled a squeal , but could n’t hold back my giggle as he dropped me on the bed and came down on top of me .


“ I ’ m not too tired for my surprise , ” he growled against my ear .


He grew hard against my leg and I shivered .
“ You sure about that ? ”


“ Positive . ”


“ I ’ m wearing something special for your birthday , ” I said , sliding my hand down the front of my robe .


Hank ’s eyes flared , and his gaze dropped down to my chest .
“ Show me , ” he rasped .


“ I thought you might like to unwrap me . ”


He licked his lips and I felt his heart pounding against mine .
In five years , the only thing that had changed between us was that our love had grown stronger .
We could n’t get enough of each other , and I knew that would never change .


He slid his hand down my front , tugged the belt free , then slowly , so damn slowly , opened each side .


“ Birdie , ” he rumbled in that gritty way that made me wet and hot .


“ I ’ m wearing my birthday suit just for you . ”


“ I see that , ” he rasped .
“ And you ’re so damn beautiful , sweetheart . ”
He kissed my bare skin , my chest and my belly .
He sucked a nipple into his mouth and I arched , a moan escaping .
“ All mine . ”


I cupped his face and he looked down at me , eyes so hot and filled with want my breath burst past my lips .
I dragged my thumb over his whiskered jaw .
“ What did you wish for ? ”


“ Hmm ? ”


I threaded my fingers with his .
“ When you blew out the candles . ”


“ I did n’t , ” he said , then pressed his mouth to mine and moved his hand down my body , lower , spreading my thighs .


I shivered again .
“ Why not ? ”


He pressed hot , wet kisses over my breasts , my belly , and lifted his head .
“ I do n’t need to make wishes .
I ’ve got everything I ever dreamed of .
The woman of my fantasies , who I love more than life , and our two beautiful girls .
Birdie , there ’s nothing else I want . ”


My eyes welled with tears .
“ Love you , Hank . ”


“ Love you , too , sweetheart . ”


Then there were no more words .


* * *


THE END


* * *


Thank you for reading Mountain Man !


Beau ’s story is up next in


[ WILD MAN ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / wild - man . html )


( The Smith Brothers # 2 )


* * *


The first time I saw Beau Smith ’s face , I fell for him … hard .
There ’s just a few tiny problems .
He lives wild .
I ’ve never left the city .
He wants a wife who can handle his harsh world .
I just want him .


* * *


He ’s been burnt in the past , and he wo n’t let me in easily , but there ’s no denying the spark between us , so intense it could set the woods on fire .
And with every hot and dirty night we spend together , I can feel his walls crumbling .


* * *


But once he realizes I ’ m not what he signed up for , that I lied to him about who I am — will he still want me , or will I lose my wild man forever ?


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


If you ’re in the mood for more heroes like The Smith Brothers , larger than life with a heart of gold , you could try Elijah from [ Breaking Him ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / breaking - him . html ) .


* * *


Or Hugh from [ Swerve ( Boosted Hearts # 1 ) ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / swerve . html )


Keep turning for an excerpt of chapter one !


! [] ( images / break - rule - gradient - screen - fixed . png )


I ’d love to hear what you thought of Mountain Man .
If you have a few moments to leave a review , I ’d be incredibly grateful .


* Also by Sherilee Gray Also by Sherilee Gray { { { 1 # Also by Sherilee Gray


The Smith Brothers :


Mountain Man


[ Wild Man ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / wild - man . html )


* * *


Lawless Kings :


[ Shattered King ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / shattered - king . html )


[ Broken Rebel ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / broken - rebel . html )


[ Beautiful Killer ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / beautiful - killer . html )


* * *


Boosted Hearts :


[ Swerve ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / swerve . html )


[ Spin ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / spin . html )


[ Slide ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / slide . html )


* * *


Axle Alley Vipers :


[ Crashed ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / crashed . html )


[ Revved ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / revved . html )


[ Wrecked ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / wrecked . html )


* * *


Black Hills Pack :


[ Lone Wolf ’s Captive ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / lone - wolfs - caprive . html )


[ A Wolf ’s Deception ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / a - wolfs - deception . html )


* * *


Stand Alone Novels :


[ Breaking Him ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / breaking - him . html )


* About the Author About the Author { { { 1 # About the Author


Sherilee Gray is a kiwi girl and lives in beautiful New Zealand with her husband and their two children .
When she is n't writing sexy , edgy contemporary romance , searching for her next alpha hero on Pinterest , or fueling her voracious book addiction , she can be found dreaming of far off places with a mug of tea in one hand and a bar of Cadburys Rocky Road chocolate in the other .


* * *


To find out about new releases , giveaways , events and other cool stuff , sign up for my [ newsletter ] ( http : / / www . sherileegray . com / contactnewsletter . html ) !


* * *


Connect with Sherilee via [ Facebook ] ( https : / / www . facebook . com / SherileeGrayAuthor / ) , [ Instagram ] ( https : / / www . instagram . com / sherileegrayauthor / ) , [ Twitter ] ( https : / / twitter . com / Sherilee_Gray ) or [ Pinterest ] ( https : / / www . pinterest . nz / SherileeGray / ) .


[ www . sherileegray . com ] ( http : / / www . sherileegray . com )


* Swerve - Excerpt Swerve - Excerpt { { { 1 # Swerve - Excerpt


# # # Boosted Hearts # 1


CHAPTER ONE


Shay Freestone cursed her ridiculous , flimsily made Poison Ivy costume for the gazillionth time when Batman stepped in front of her , blocking her exit and fingered one of her leaves .
She slapped away the creep ’s hand .


Kayla owed Shay big time for this .
Her best friend had shoved her into the embarrassing ensemble two hours ago , quoting Section Two , Item Four of their Best Friends ’ Handbook , drafted when they were in the seventh grade , after Shay refused to go to the school dance — which meant they both did n’t go — and in her friend ’s absence , Rob Dunkirk , the love of Kayla ’s life , had danced with April Gunson the entire night .
The section in question stated that Shay Freestone and Kayla Green agreed to do whatever necessary , _whenever_ required , in the pursuit of securing love for either of the aforementioned .


But _this_ , this was going above and beyond .


Batman moved closer , a bead of sweat sliding down his temple from under his now askew black mask .
“ Come on , Ivy .
Do n’t go yet .
The party ’s just getting started . ”


_Gag . _
She tried to slip by , but he kept coming until his protruding belly — which was straining his utility belt dangerously — bumped into her , forcing her back a step .


“ I really have to go . ”


He licked his fleshy , cherry - red lips and leaned in .
“ First , I need to find out if your kiss really is poisonous . ”


_Is this cretin for real ? _
She leaned back farther .
Why on earth had she let Kayla drag her to this ridiculous party ?
Best Friends ’ Handbook , be damned .
So what if Shay ’d been a hermit the last few months ?
That was preferable to standing in a corner by herself the whole night , feeling like a complete idiot , while her traitorous friend , _in the pursuit of love_ , was probably getting naked with Wolverine — aka Kayla ’s ex - boyfriend , James , and the reason she and Shay were here — back at his place .
The couple had disappeared a little while ago .
Her friend had bailed on her .
Again .
Kayla had conveniently forgotten _that_ section of the blasted handbook .
Now Shay was stranded without her wallet , phone , or the keys to her trailer since she ’d stashed them in her friend ’s bag .


Maybe her gran had given a spare key to Edna next door ?
The pair had been thick as thieves before her grandmother passed away and left the place to Shay .


Batman ’s heavy breathing cut through her thoughts .
His fingers moved lower .
“ So tell me , are you a natural redhead ? ”


_Ew ! _
She gave his hand a slap - shove combo .
“ I do n’t think — ” “ How about we go upstairs , and you let me find out ? ” _Oh , dear God_ .
Shay ducked under his arm , but he still had hold of the leaf on her costume ,


and she felt it tear free as she made a dash for the door .
“ Hey !
Hold up .
Wait for me , ” the idiot called after her .
Shay shoved open the door and burst out onto the street , the cool , LA midwinter breeze


hitting her bare skin , seeping through the cheap fabric from all sides .
She sucked in a startled breath .
Her coat was also in Kayla ’s car .
So not only did Shay have to walk home in the cold in a Poison Ivy costume with half her butt hanging out , she had to walk home in a _cheap_ , crappily made Poison Ivy costume with missing leaves that , thanks to Batman , was now falling apart at the seams and losing more by the minute .


Speaking of The Caped Crusader , he stumbled out of the apartment building , spotted her and started in her direction .
Fast . . .
Faster than she would have thought possible with the sway he had going on .


She ’d had her fill of creeps , enough to last her a lifetime .
She did n’t need this right now , dammit .


Okay , there ’d only been one creep , in particular , but his creep factor had been abnormally high . . .
So high , the guy easily equaled , like . . .a thousand creeps , at least .
Not - so - old hurt and embarrassment reared up , hitting her in the face , heating her skin to excruciating levels .


Having a fling with your boss was stupid enough .
Period .
But having an affair with your boss then having to quit that job because you overheard him bragging and mocking you to his buddies around the water cooler , was a whole new level of mortification .
Not to mention the hit to her bank account .
Her two part - time jobs and the occasional graphic design gig she managed to pick up barely covered living costs , let alone the debt left by her grandmother .
She ’d been forced to take out a loan , using the trailer her gran had left her as collateral .


She slammed the door on those thoughts as quickly as they came .
_Not now . _


Spinning on the heels of her boots , Shay speed walked down the street .
There were n’t many people around , but enough she was thankful for the thick green pantyhose she had on , which hid a goodly amount of cellulite and were tight enough to provide a small amount of wobble control .


The idiot behind her kept coming , calling out for her to , “ Wait up . ”


_Like heck . _


With her only thought to lose him and get home as fast as possible , she ducked down the next street .


Only it was n’t a street , it was more an alley - slash - parking lot .
Cars surrounded her , filling the reserved parking spots for the expensive - looking restaurant beside it .
_Crap . _


She spun around as the Dark Knight rounded the corner , blocking the exit .
“ Ivy , why are you running from me ? ”


She backed up until she bumped into the car behind her .
The cold steel chilled her , lifting goose - bumps all over her skin .
The guy was n’t overly tall , but he was heavily built and kind of intimidating .
She expected the car alarm to start wailing instantly — the vehicles parked around her looked high end , like sports cars and , um . . .stuff like that — but no such luck .
Screw it all .
The damn thing stayed silent .


She held up her hands to ward him off and shook her head .
“ All right .
The fun ’s over .
Why do n’t you head back to the party ? ”


He kept coming , licking his over - abundant red lips until they shone like candy apples ; only these were gross , icky candy apples she seriously did not want to taste .
The fool kept up the Batman persona , clutching the ends of his cape , lifting it up and down like wings .
“ I ’ve come for my kiss , Ivy . ”


“ If you come any closer . . . ”
He came closer .
“ Back up .
_Now_ . ” “ Just one kiss . ”


“ No . ”
“ Yes . ”
He puckered up , crowding her .
“ No ! ”
She gave him a shove . . .
Gravel scraped behind her , loud enough that Batman heard it , too .
He stopped his descent ,


lifting his head .
She watched the guy ’s eyes go wide , jaw unhinging .
The sound of boots moving closer came next and had her whipping around to see who it was .
She gaped like a dying fish .


A huge mountain of a man rounded the trunk and walked right up to them .
He stared down at the creep in front of her and growled , “ You got ears ? ” _Yes , growled_ .
Like a lion , or a bear , or


some other wild beast .
Batman stared up at the man , slammed his mouth shut , looked at her , then back at the


mountain .
“ Um . . .y - yes ? ” “ So you heard the lady tell you ‘ no ’ , ” her rescuer said , his eyes going kind of wild and


scary .
“ Well . . .um . . .I . . . ”
Batman was suddenly at a loss for words .
He also seemed to have


sobered up rather quickly , the glazed look gone from his beady eyes .
The mountain crossed his muscled arms , heavy biceps straining the sleeves of his faded


black tee , veins bulging along his corded forearms in a rather interesting way .
Then , with his eyes still locked on his target , he said quietly , “ Go . ”


His voice sounded soft and rough all at the same time , and set off some serious tingles — like , they were doing a high - energy gig up and down her spine .
No , he had n’t shouted the word , but there was no mistaking the danger behind the order .


Batman finally snapped out of his stupor and started backing up , nodding rapidly .
As soon as he hit the entrance of the parking lot , he spun on his boots and sprinted away , cape flying out behind him from the sheer velocity of his escape .


The mountain watched the creep go , then his head swiveled on his muscled neck , and he dipped his chin so he was looking at her .
“ All right ? ” he rumbled .


_Holy Hell . _
Her belly flipped .
The guy was kind of terrifying .
He was also extremely handsome in a scary , rough , mountainous kind of way .
His hair was a little shaggy , and he had a full beard , but it was n’t the Grizzly Adams , shaggy kind of beard ; it was trimmed and neat and suited the heck out of him .
He was also _tall_ .
So tall , she was a good couple of inches shorter than his shoulder .


His dark brown eyes , which were surprisingly warm and kind , and ringed with thick , black lashes , locked on hers .
“ You okay , babe ?
He hurt you ?
You look kinda freaked . ”


_Babe ?
Eeek . _
Her nether regions did a highly inappropriate but extremely happy little quiver at that deep , gruff voice .
Which was crazy , because not only was she usually shy around men — especially attractive ones — but this guy was so far from her type it was n’t funny .
“ Ah . . .yes , I mean , no .
I mean , I ’ m fine . . .now .
T - thanks to you .
You know . . .for coming to my rescue . ” _Jeez , spit it out . _
She sounded as if she had a serious speech impediment .


“ No problem . ”
He stared at her for a few seconds , as if he was waiting for something .
When


she did n’t say or _do_ anything , because she could n’t move , let alone make her mouth work , he added , “ Think you ’re good to go .
Guy ’s long gone . ”


“ Um . . . ”
She stayed rooted to the spot , gaze fixed on the hulk in front of her .
Bizarrely , it was n’t fear keeping her in place . . .it was that she was struggling to leave the big man ’s orbit ; his gravitational pull was that strong .


_What the heck is wrong with me ? _


His lips quirked up , just a little on one side , then those stunning eyes did a full - body sweep .
The quirk turned into a grin .
“ What ’s with the outfit ? ”


Her face heated instantly .
She ’d almost forgotten she was wearing the stupid costume _._
She stared down at herself and cringed .
Her wobbly bits were all on full display — butt , thighs , belly , boobs .
_Perfect_ .
“ I was at a . . .a costume party . ”


“ What ’re you ? ”
Her face got hotter .
“ Poison Ivy . ”
He frowned , brow scrunching in obvious confusion .
“ She ’s a villain .
Batman ’s nemesis . . .in a comic book . ”
He kept his gaze locked on her , and his eyes started dancing .
“ Right . ”
He was more than likely laughing at her , but right then , she did n’t care ; that sparkle in his


eyes just made him more appealing .
Again , her reaction was completely insane .
The men she usually found herself attracted to were business types — they wore suits , were clean shaven , were . . . _smaller_ .
Less imposing .
But the scary , hard gaze he ’d wielded like a weapon was long gone now .
In fact , she felt safe standing there with him .


Without realizing what she was doing , she shuffled a little closer , drawn by that magnetic pull that seemed to surround him .
He also looked warm and snuggly , and now the excitement had past , she was starting to feel the cold .


He watched her , something moving over his features , something that got those inappropriate tingles riled up all over again .
Her hair rested over her shoulder , and he reached out , touching it with his index finger , as if he was testing her reaction .


“ I like the hair . ”


“ It ’s real , ” she blurted for some stupid reason , probably because of Batman ’s lewd suggestion that the carpet did n’t match the drapes .
Not that she wanted this guy to see her carpet .
No , that would be wrong , would n’t it ?
They ’d only just met .


He continued to stare at her , eyes still dancing in that highly attractive way .
He also did n’t answer , so she babbled on in an attempt to explain herself .


“ I mean , it ’s not part of the costume .
Though , Ivy does have red hair . . .it ’ s just . . .it ’ s not a wig . ”
Then , out of nowhere and just to make her humiliation ten times worse , she added , “ I like your beard . ”


_Okay_ .
She had no idea why she gave in to the urge to share that .
She dropped her gaze to his big black boots , to hide the fact that the temperature of her face had skyrocketed by at least a thousand degrees .


“ You do , huh ? ”
His voice was rougher now , and God , the sexiest thing she ’d ever heard .


She glanced up .
His grin was wider , a full - blown smile .
_Wow_ .
He looked good smiling .
Like , _really good_ .


“ You want a ride some place ? ”


She blinked up at him .
“ Um . . . ”
For some crazy reason , she wanted to say yes , she wanted to go with him , this complete stranger , this huge , bearded , mountain man .
“ I , ah , I can walk .
It ’s not that far . ”


His brows drew together .
“ How far ’s not far ? ” “ Just a few blocks . ” _More like a million_ .
His brown eyes did another sweep of her body , and she shivered .
“ You ’re practically naked .
It ’s cold ” — his gaze went to her hands — “ you got a phone ? ” “ My friend accidentally took my things when she left the party . ” “ She bailed on you ? ”
Why was she telling this total stranger she had no money and no phone . . .was essentially


stranded ?
She had no idea .
Still , she answered .
“ Yes . ” “ I ’ll give you a ride . ”
There was no question in his voice this time .
“ Oh , no .
I could n’t . . . ”
He moved to the next car along and opened the passenger door .
“ Yeah , you could . ”
Then he looked her in the eyes , and what she saw made her tummy . . .and lower . . .melt


deliciously .
“ Babe , you ’re in no danger from me .
Just do n’t like seeing assholes fuck with innocent


women .
Brings out my grumpy side . ”
For some crazy reason , she trusted him .
Heck , she wanted to get into the car with him .


Maybe she was more her mother ’s daughter than she wanted to believe , because she said , “ Okay , ” the word popping out of her mouth before she could think better of it .


His smile returned , wide and yummy , straight white teeth surrounded by sexy beard , and her heart did an erratic thump .


He motioned to the open car door .
“ Let ’s go . ”


* * *


Tap here to keep reading [ Swerve ] ( https : / / www . sherileegray . com / swerve . html ) .







* Cover Cover { { { 1 ! [ A Heart Not Easily Broken ] ( assets / aheartnoteasilybroken - 2019 . jpg )


* Title Page Title Page { { { 1 # A Heart Not Easily Broken


# #


# # # M.J. Kane


# # #


# # # #


# # # # #


* Copyright Copyright { { { 1 A Heart Not Easily Broken


Copyright © 2018 by M.J. Kane


ISBN : 9781945143427


[ www . WrittenMusings . com ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / mjkane . html )


U.S.A .


This is a fictional work .
All characters and events in this publication , other than those clearly in the public domain , are solely the concepts and products of the author ’s imagination or are used to create a fictitious story and should not be construed as real .
Any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .


All rights reserved .
No part of this book may be used or reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form by any means , without the prior permission in writing , except in the case of brief quotations , reviews , and articles .


For any other permission , please visit [ www . writtenmusings . com / contact ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / contact . html ) for contact links .


* Table Of Contents Table Of Contents { { { 1 # Contents


* [ The Butterfly Memoirs ] ( front - matter - 001 - the - butterfly - memoirs . html ) * [ Chapter 1 ] ( chapter - 001 - chapter - 1 . html ) * [ Chapter 2 ] ( chapter - 002 - chapter - 2 . html ) * [ Chapter 3 ] ( chapter - 003 - chapter - 3 . html ) * [ Chapter 4 ] ( chapter - 004 - chapter - 4 . html ) * [ Chapter 5 ] ( chapter - 005 - chapter - 5 . html ) * [ Chapter 6 ] ( chapter - 006 - chapter - 6 . html ) * [ Chapter 7 ] ( chapter - 007 - chapter - 7 . html ) * [ Chapter 8 ] ( chapter - 008 - chapter - 8 . html ) * [ Chapter 9 ] ( chapter - 009 - chapter - 9 . html ) * [ Chapter 10 ] ( chapter - 010 - chapter - 10 . html ) * [ Chapter 11 ] ( chapter - 011 - chapter - 11 . html ) * [ Chapter 12 ] ( chapter - 012 - chapter - 12 . html ) * [ Chapter 13 ] ( chapter - 013 - chapter - 13 . html ) * [ Chapter 14 ] ( chapter - 014 - chapter - 14 . html ) * [ Chapter 15 ] ( chapter - 015 - chapter - 15 . html ) * [ Chapter 16 ] ( chapter - 016 - chapter - 16 . html ) * [ Chapter 17 ] ( chapter - 017 - chapter - 17 . html ) * [ Chapter 18 ] ( chapter - 018 - chapter - 18 . html ) * [ Chapter 19 ] ( chapter - 019 - chapter - 19 . html ) * [ Chapter 20 ] ( chapter - 020 - chapter - 20 . html ) * [ Chapter 21 ] ( chapter - 021 - chapter - 21 . html ) * [ Chapter 22 ] ( chapter - 022 - chapter - 22 . html ) * [ Chapter 23 ] ( chapter - 023 - chapter - 23 . html ) * [ Chapter 24 ] ( chapter - 024 - chapter - 24 . html ) * [ Chapter 25 ] ( chapter - 025 - chapter - 25 . html ) * [ Chapter 26 ] ( chapter - 026 - chapter - 26 . html ) * [ Chapter 27 ] ( chapter - 027 - chapter - 27 . html ) * [ Chapter 28 ] ( chapter - 028 - chapter - 28 . html ) * [ Chapter 29 ] ( chapter - 029 - chapter - 29 . html ) * [ Chapter 30 ] ( chapter - 030 - chapter - 30 . html ) * [ Chapter 31 ] ( chapter - 031 - chapter - 31 . html ) * [ Chapter 32 ] ( chapter - 032 - chapter - 32 . html ) * [ Chapter 33 ] ( chapter - 033 - chapter - 33 . html ) * [ Chapter 34 ] ( chapter - 034 - chapter - 34 . html ) * [ Chapter 35 ] ( chapter - 035 - chapter - 35 . html ) * [ Chapter 36 ] ( chapter - 036 - chapter - 36 . html ) * [ Chapter 37 ] ( chapter - 037 - chapter - 37 . html ) * [ Chapter 38 ] ( chapter - 038 - chapter - 38 . html ) * [ Chapter 39 ] ( chapter - 039 - epilogue . html ) * [ Epilogue ] ( chapter - 040 - epilogue - 2 . html ) * [ About the Author ] ( chapter - 041 - meet - the - author . html ) * [ Acknowledgments ] ( chapter - 042 - acknowledgments . html )


* The Butterfly Memoirs The Butterfly Memoirs { { { 1 # # # 1


# The Butterfly Memoirs


Butterflies symbolize change , evolution , the shedding of the old and bringing out the new .
A memoir is a story , a narration told first hand , of someone ’s personal experiences .


Like butterflies in the spring that disappear into cocoons and emerge , completely changed , M.J. ’ s characters are no longer the same when their story ends .


The Butterfly Memoirs are told by the characters themselves .
It is Women ’s Fiction , Contemporary and Interracial Romance .
Each story address the realistic trials every woman and man face in a relationship .
M.J. ’ s goal is to inspire hope , comfort , and encourage anyone who may be able to relate to these stories .


* Chapter 1 Chapter 1 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 1


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ This is the last time I wear this dress . ”


“ Oh , please , Ebony , ” Yasmine , my best friend and roommate , yelled in my ear .


The music pounding out of the nightclub ’s speakers made it nearly impossible to hear her .


“ Stop fidgeting .
You look uncomfortable , ” she added , winking at the bartender who handed us our drinks .


No matter how many times I adjusted the hem of my dress it was impossible to ignore the warm air tickling the backs of my thighs as people pushed past me in the crowded bar .
It would take more fabric to keep my shapely derriere from involuntary exposure .


“ Thanks . ”
I slipped money into the bartender ’s tip jar , and he rewarded me with a gorgeous smile .
“ For the record , I _am_ uncomfortable . ”
I turned to face Yasmine .
“ _Freakum_ dresses are your thing , not mine . ”


Yasmine laughed .
“ True , everyone ’s not blessed with a body like mine . ”
She ran a hand over her hips , striking a pose .
“ Besides , I love showing off mine . ”


I rolled my eyes and chuckled before sipping my margarita .
Yasmine ’s light - skinned complexion , slender ballet dancer body , long legs , and B - cup breasts suited her personality .
At times I wished my body was more like hers , though .
It would make shopping for clothes a lot easier .
As it was , I had been blessed with the shapely figure my Nana called _bootylicious_ .
According to her , and her photo albums , I looked just like her when she was my age , with caramel - colored skin , perfectly proportioned hips , a butt that drew major attention , and D - cup breasts , making it hard for a man to look me straight in the eye .


I groaned while making another wardrobe adjustment .
The jaw - dropping cleavage of my dress threatened to give my _girls_ their own airtime .


“ I love my body , too , ” I said .
“ I ’d just rather not show it to everyone . ”


Yasmine shook her head while my attention went back to the club patrons .
A wide variety of men lined the dark walls , standing just out of range of the overhead lights , making it impossible to pick out their faces in the smoky room .
No doubt , many were on the hunt , looking for an easy lay .
It should n’t be hard ; one scan of the room revealed potential opportunities in every direction .
Nearly every woman in the club wore a dress so tight it appeared to be a spray on , with skirts stopping just below their hips .
I cringed .
That sounded like my attire .
Self - conscious , I tugged on the edges of my dress again .


_The next time we go out , Yasmine is not selecting my outfit_ .


“ That dress is going to get you some major action tonight .
You ’ll be thanking me in the morning … or afternoon . ”
She laughed .


I rolled my eyes .
“ I do n’t have time to get into a real relationship right now .
Finishing this last year of college is my focus .
I ’ve got to get that veterinarian job at the zoo ; I ’ve worked too hard to mess up now .
Besides , I do n’t need a man to take care of me . ”


Yasmine smirked .


“ Financially , ” I clarified .
“ Having a nice body to curl up with is a different story . ”


She laughed and held out her hand for a high - five .
“ That ’s my girl .
Look around .
I bet you ’ll find someone . ”
Her attention went to a dark - skinned guy headed in our direction .
“ There ’s one right there . ”


He glanced over , smiled , and kept walking .


He was attractive all right , but not the physical type I preferred .
I was attracted to men who were tall , had thick lips , and eyes that peered into the depths of my soul .
A man with the body of a sex machine , yet had no problem working hard for a living and was n’t afraid to get his hands dirty .


One of the first things I noticed about a man was not his shoe size , but his hands .
If they were too pretty and soft , the man did n’t believe in hard work .
If they were overly calloused with visible dirt under the nails and full of scrapes and bruises , those were signs that a man did n’t take care of the little things , which meant the rest of him would be questionable .
Now , a man with hands somewhere in between , calloused from work with no traces of dirt under his nails , those were signs of a hardworking man who could clean up nice .
Everywhere .


I shook my head and sipped my drink .
“ He ’s not my type . ”


“ Stop being picky .
It ’s only going to be a summer fling . ”


“ Even so , if I ’ m going to give a man my body and time , I should at least be able to hold an intelligent conversation .
Everything does n’t have to happen between the sheets . ”


Yasmine shrugged .
“ Suit yourself . ”
She resumed drinking her wine .


I scanned the crowd to find my other roommate .
“ Yaz , have you seen Kaity ? ”


“ What ? ”
Yasmine shouted back .


I leaned closer .
“ Kaity , have you seen her ? ”
My voice cracked .
Clubbing could be fun , but it wore out my vocal cords .


Yasmine pointed to the opposite end of the bar .
“ She ’s over there talking to some guy .
Look at Miss Texas . ”
Yasmine gestured to Kaitlyn with her plastic cup of wine .
“ She comes to the club to hang with us black girls and the guys go for her first . ”
She shook her head .
“ I ’ m not mad at her , though .
You work with what God gave you . ”


Kaity ’s choice of club attire made her stand out in a sea of women wearing barely - there dresses .
Tonight , she ’d opted to wear a form fitting dress , which stopped just above her knees .
The olive satin fabric matched her green eyes , and she ’d pinned her long blond hair away from her face .


Along with her outfit , Kaity ’s bubbly laugh and infectious smile attracted men like a magnet .
Her large breasts on a slender frame did n’t hurt either .
Somehow , her country twang seemed to fascinate the men in Southern California .


Yasmine stared at me questioningly .
“ Why are you still here ?
This whole night is about you .
How are you going to get laid if you just stand there ? ”


“ I ’ m still looking . ”


My gaze centered on a man across the room who appeared to be watching me .
A quick appraisal revealed a nice - looking guy with the appropriate build and a cute smile .
He fidgeted with his drink more than I did with my dress .
Every time our eyes connected , he looked away .
Oh , well , if he could n’t man - up , it was his loss .


My search resumed just as the music blaring from the speakers ceased .
The colorful strobe lights continued to twirl , painting the room with a blue , red , and yellow glow , while the house lights dimmed , cloaking the smoke - filled room in near darkness .
Lights now centered on the stage as the club MC came on .
After thanking everyone for coming out and making the obligatory remarks about the bar , he introduced the house band , _Diverse Nation_ .


“ Javan said his roommate is in this band , ” Yasmine said .


The club we were at came highly recommended by Javan , who of course was one of her hook ups .
I never understood what she saw in him .
The man was too GQ .
Besides , he made me uncomfortable every time he came around .


I wondered what category Javan ’s roommate would fit .


Only one way to find out .


The band came onto the stage ; their name suited them .
The different members represented every nationality , it seemed .
My attention immediately went to the drummer .


He had dark mahogany skin , but it was impossible to judge his height , since he stood on a stage .
His build was exactly what I liked — shoulders the width of a doorframe and muscles bulging through his T - shirt like the Incredible Hulk .


He took his place on stage , tapped his drumsticks together , and proceeded to drum out a rhythm , making the crowd go wild .
Impressive .
Within minutes , the dance floor filled with gyrating bodies , moved by the music .


I pointed to the drummer .
“ Is that Javan ’s roommate ? ”


She shrugged .
“ I ’ve never met him . ”


“ Come on , Yaz , let ’s dance , ” I said , draining the last of my drink .


“ No thanks .
Like I said , tonight is about you . ”
She tipped her cup toward the sea of moving bodies .
“ Besides , girls in packs do n’t get picked up easily .
Go shake what your momma gave you . ”


“ So you ’re going to leave me all alone ? ”
My hands rested on my hips while I tapped out a rhythm with my heel .


“ Hey , my job is done .
I picked out the dress , brought you here , and planted the seed of suggestion in your thick head .
The rest is up to you , sister . ”


I searched the end of the bar , looking for Kaitlyn .
Maybe she would join me on the dance floor .
Unfortunately , she entertained the same man .
I was on my own .


I rose to the challenge and made my way onto the crowded dance floor , through the myriad of swaying bodies — again , adjusting my dress ’s hem — with one goal in mind : meet the drummer .


After securing a spot near the front of the stage , I raised my hands and began to dance .
For the first time in months , I forgot about books , the stress of my internship at the zoo , and work at the clinic .
I closed my eyes and got lost in the music , letting it guide my body in sensual movements while telegraphing my desire , hoping the drummer would notice my body language .


The song ended , and I opened my eyes to cheer with the rest of the crowd .
I was noticed all right .
Various men in my immediate vicinity threw out catcalls and whistles , which were flattering , but the drummer paid me no attention .
In fact , only one of the band members seemed to notice me .


One of the guitar players watched me intently .
Astonished , I nearly stumbled in my heels .
He was attractive but … he was white , not what I was aiming for .
My lips tilted in a small smile before I moved out of his line of sight , placing myself in front of dancers who ’d moved closer to the stage , blocking my view of the drummer .


The next song played , and again , I tried to get lost in the music .
My eyes closed , but it was impossible to find my groove again without feeling stalked .
The hair on the back of my neck stood up .
My gaze traveled the length of the stage , to the guitar player , who once again , watched me with a predatory gleam .
When the song ended , I worked my way back to the bar .


Neither Yasmine nor Kaitlyn were there .
They must have gone to the bathroom .


“ What can I get you , miss ? ” the bartender asked , interrupting my thoughts .


After the MC announced the band was taking a brief intermission , music blasted from the speakers again .


“ Margarita , extra shot of tequila , please . ”
The bartender nodded and went to fill my order .


“ Did you get a load of the blond guitar player ?
He ’s hot ! ”


My attention turned to a busty brunette who ’d taken up residence in the seat next to me .
I recognized her as being one of the women who ’d been dancing next to me .
She adjusted her boobs , primping while talking to her friend .


“ He does n’t know it yet , but I ’ m going home with him tonight , ” she continued .
Her friend giggled .


Good luck .
She had a better chance than I did of finding a man tonight .


“ Here you go . ”
The bartender placed a napkin in front of me with my drink .


“ I ’ve got this , ” a deep voice said close to my ear , making me jump .
It was incredibly sexy despite the fact it scared me .
It also sent a warm tingle down my spine .
Intrigued , I turned and found myself face - to - face with the guitar player .
The same one my barstool neighbor wanted to go home with .


Any sort of coherent words failed me .


“ Sorry , I did n’t mean to scare you . ”
Two dimples rested on either side of firm lips when he smiled .


Wow .
The man looked good from the dance floor , but up close , his presence demanded my full attention .
He was tall , probably a good six - two to my five - foot - five .
His build reminded me of a well - built basketball player .
The low lights of the club reflected off damp blond hair with dark undertones .
His confident smile cocked to the side , revealing pearly white teeth .
The blue shirt he wore complimented the color of his eyes , sparkling like waves of the ocean while hinting at mischief .
Baggy shorts and a pair of clean black Converse completed his attire .


He turned to the bartender .
“ Joe , put her drink on my tab .
I ’ll have the usual . ”
The bartender nodded before walking away .
The blond focused his gaze back on me , watching before he spoke again .
“ You ’re not going to thank me ? ”


I raised my eyebrows at his comment .
“ I did n’t ask you to pay for my drink . ”
I could n’t stand a man who expected me to be ecstatic because he bought me a drink .
I was capable of doing that myself .


Humor flashed in his eyes .
“ Excuse me for being a gentleman .
Unfortunately , it ’s too late for you to pay .
Guess you ’re stuck . ”
He reached for his beer when the bartender returned , twisted off the cap , and took a huge swig .


_Stuck ? _
Is that what he thought ?
Passing the drink over to the brunette , saying it came from him , then ordering my own sounded like a good idea .
But at ten dollars a drink , I ’d be a fool not to accept a freebie .


Instead of saying thanks , I said , “ Do n’t let this dress fool you .
If you expect me to sleep with you because you bought me a drink , forget it . ”
My focus left him and resumed searching the crowd for my friends .


I turned back around in time to catch blue eyes exploring the length of my body .


“ That was not my intention . ”
His eyes now focused above the deep cleavage of my dress .
“ Since we ’ve gotten that out of the way , maybe you ’ll answer this question . ”


I narrowed my eyes .
“ What ? ”


He chuckled .
“ What ’s your name ? ”
He extended a hand .
“ I ’ m Brian . ”


My focus immediately went to his hand .
Large palm , slightly calloused , sporting a deep tan , his nails were a little rough , fingers sporting a few cuts , but they were clean .
I glanced back up at his face .
This white man was hitting on me .
I was flattered knowing he watched me dance , but buying me a drink and asking my name ?
What did he expect to happen next ?


He waited patiently , his hand suspended in midair .


“ Ebony . ”
I accepted his handshake .


“ Ebony .
That ’s a beautiful name . ”


The tingle going up my spine from the way it rolled off his tongue , and the sensation of our connected hands , kept my lips from moving .
This was unreal .
I did n’t expect any kind of spark from him .


I studied his eyes ; lust and desire were n’t visible , but there was something else .
Something made him hold my hand longer than necessary .
I squirmed involuntarily before being the first to turn away .


“ Meeting like this is not the best way to get to know someone . ”
He released my hand before leaning down to talk to me without yelling quite as loud .


My body tingled at the warm caress of his breath near my ear again .
The scent of his musky cologne mixed with sweat from standing under the stage lights was alluring , the heat from his body inviting .


I stared up at him , expecting him to burst out in laughter any second .
“ You ’re kidding , right ? ”


“ Why would I be joking ? ”
He took another swig of beer , his gaze steady on mine .


I laughed lightly while raising my hand to break his line of sight , wiggling my fingers .


He studied it briefly .
“ I do n’t see a ring .
Are you married or in a relationship ? ”


I glanced over my shoulder for a moment , wondering which corner of the club my roommates were hiding in while laughing at the practical joke they ’d sprung on me .


“ Are you color blind ? ”


“ No . ”


“ The lights in here are low , but you ca n’t say you did n’t notice .
I ’ m black , that does n’t bother you ? ”


A deep line creased Brian ’s brow .
“ Why should it ? ”
He appraised me for a moment .
“ Does it bother you ? ”


“ No , ” I said a little too forcefully .
I ’d left myself open for that remark .


“ So what ’s your point ? ”
He angled himself to look directly in my eyes .


I assessed him again .
His cerulean eyes were sharp , studying me as much as I studied him .
Sun - bleached hair set off his bronzed skin , a clear sign of time spent surfing , no doubt .
Long legs led to a narrow waist and broad shoulders .
I could only imagine what he would look like naked .
_Wait , why did I think that way ? _


“ You ’re not my type , and I ’ m not yours . ”
I put my cup to my lips and gulped .
Forgetting about the extra shot of tequila , I nearly choked .


Brian angled his head , apparently musing over my statement .
“ You have no idea what my type is . ”


“ What about her ? ”
I nodded at the brunette who sat behind me .


She ’d gone quiet the moment Brian came to the bar .
I risked a glance over my shoulder and saw her lips were in a tight line as she glared at me .
She did n’t bother to look away .
If looks could kill , the coroner would have picked me up off the floor a long time ago .
Fortunately , the music was too loud for her to hear our conversation .


When I turned back , Brian ’s stare continued to be intense .
The room felt as if it had shrunk to the size of a shoebox .


“ If I wanted her , I would n’t be talking to you . ”


Disbelief had me laughing .
Of all the brothers in the club , none had approached me .
Yet , this man spied me from the stage and made his way over .
I had to admit , he was bold .


“ I want to get to know you .
We could — ” Annoyance flashed on his face when he acknowledged the hand on his shoulder .


I scoffed , nearly spitting out my drink .
The drummer , the object of my suggestive dancing — and oh , my God , that body — stood next to Brian .
He did n’t give me the time of day .


“ Yo , man , the next set starts in five . ”


Brian nodded .
“ Sorry .
I want to continue this discussion , but they need me back on stage .
Why do n’t you meet me in VIP when I ’ m done ?
It ’s less crowded .
Plus it ’s away from the speakers , so you can hear yourself think . ”


As if to prove his point , a waitress carrying a large tray full of empty cups bumped into his elbow .
He managed to hold his beer without spilling a drop .
“ Tell security the Bass Man sent you .
You ’ll get in with no problem . ”


“ The Bass Man ? ”


“ Yeah , I play bass guitar .
You ’d be surprised how many women try to get in there . ”
He nodded to the roped - off corner of the room with oversized plush sofas under focused track lights .
A few women were already lounging in the area .
A man the size of Chewbacca and thankfully , a lot less hairy and dressed in black , stood , his arms crossed while wearing dark shades .
He mean - mugged the crowd , discouraging them from walking his way .
My eyes must have bulged , because Brian chuckled .
His laugh was as deep as his voice .


“ He wo n’t bite , ” he said with a wickedly charming grin .
“ ’ Til then , Ebony . ”
He toasted me with his bottle , drained the remnants of his beer before disappearing into the crowd , and then reappeared on the stage .


“ Who was he ? ”
Yasmine sat on the barstool Brian had left empty .


Well , well , my roommates found their way back .
“ As if you did n’t know . ”


“ Uh , no , ” Kaitlyn replied in her country twang .


I eyed them suspiciously .
“ A guy from the band . ”


“ Really ? ”
Kaitlyn stood on tiptoes to peer over the crowd .
“ He ’s hot . ”


I could n’t disagree .


“ Did you get his number ? ”
Yasmine asked when she finished her own study of his anatomy .


“ No , but I got an invite to VIP . ”


Two sets of eyebrows rose .


“ So , are you going ? ”
Yasmine studied me , no doubt wondering if tonight ’s mission had been a success .


I stared at the stage as the music began to play , watching Brian in action .
He looked in my direction and smiled .


“ I have n’t decided yet . ”


* Chapter 2 Chapter 2 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 2


_ * * Brian * * _


“ Hey , Brian , we ’re done over here .
Is there anything else ? ”
My cousin Dylan waved for my attention .


I cut off the weed whacker to appraise Dylan and Peter ’s work , inhaling the smell of freshly cut grass .
They did a good job clearing the yard of all the clippings .
The decision to hire my young cousins for the summer had paid off .
Letting them handle the grunt work left me time to handle the finer details , like trimming the edges of my clients ’ professionally landscaped flowerbeds .


I loved to work , but after spending the weekend playing late - night gigs with my band , sleeping in on Monday would have been my preference , except my bills made it impossible .


Besides , laziness was not in my nature .


“ No , we ’re done .
Take the bags to the curb . ”
I wiped the back of my gloved hand over my brow to keep the sweat dripping down from stinging my eyes .


Dylan nodded before passing the message to his brother .


I removed the weed whacker ’s carrying strap from around my neck , placed it in the bed of the truck , and then reached into the semi - melted ice in the cooler to retrieve a bottle of Gatorade .
The liquid saturated my parched mouth .


“ Heads up . ”
I tossed them both a bottle .


They murmured their thanks before leaning against the tailgate .


“ Man , it ’s hot , ” Peter said .
“ How many yards have we done today ? ”


Dylan laughed .
“ This is the fifth one , bro . ”


Peter turned to me for confirmation .
I nodded and threw my empty bottle into the truck bed , adding to last week ’s collection of bottles to be recycled .


“ Man , how did I forget that ? ”
Peter mumbled .


“ Because your mind is still stuck on three jobs ago , ” Dylan teased .


Peter continued to have a look of awe on his face .
I chuckled .
If he got this flustered at the sight of three grown women lounging topless poolside , he was going to be dumbstruck when attending his first frat party in college .


I remembered my time spent in college .
Somehow , I managed to discover my independence without screwing up too much along the way .
Hot women always found their way into my dorm room once they learned I was in a band .
A year after joining _Diverse Nation_ , I got over the hype and focused on my craft instead .
Being a member taught me discipline and kept me grounded with my eyes on the prize when it came to my career .


Music was my life .
Cutting grass made it possible to pay the bills until my career took off .


I walked the yard one last time , surveying our work .
The hedges trimmed , grass cut evenly , and clippings set curbside .
Mrs .
Dillard would be pleased .


“ Finish loading up , ” I instructed while walking up the long stone path that led to a partially covered overhang and rang the doorbell .
The narrow strip of shade did n’t do much to ward off the sun ’s oppressive heat .
My gaze went to the flowerbed near the front door .
There were a few weeds growing among her flowers .


I smiled down at the older woman as the door opened .
She was in her late sixties and believed in looking her best at all times .
Mrs .
Dillard lived next door to my parents .
She ’d been my first paying customer .
She ’d advertised my services at the monthly homeowner association meetings until nearly every neighbor became my customer .
As a thank you , I offered her a lifetime of free yard maintenance .
She refused , insisting she pay a discounted rate instead .


“ Mrs . Dillard , you look young as ever . ”
I flashed the smile that used to earn me milk and cookies .


She laughed .
“ Brian , you are such a flirt .
If I were thirty years younger … ”


I shook my head .
“ Yeah , but then Mr . Dillard would n’t want me to come back around . ”


“ True , oh , well . ”
She stepped out onto her porch to survey the yard .
“ A great job as always , thank you . ”


“ You ’re welcome . ”
Unable to resist , I asked , “ When are you going to let me weed your garden ?
It would be free of charge . ”


“ Never .
I love to have my hands in the dirt .
You handle the rest of the yard .
I ’ll handle my weeds . ”


“ Yes , ma ’ am . ”
I accepted the check .
“ Thank you .
We ’ll see you in two weeks . ”


Sweaty bare feet hanging out the passenger side window greeted me when I reached the truck .


“ Peter , I am not going to be held responsible by Aunt Gina if your foot gets cut by road debris . ”


“ Sorry , ” he muttered , sliding his feet back inside .
“ It ’s hot as h - e - double - hockey sticks out here .
My feet were on fire in those boots . ”


Now that his feet were inside , it made sense he ’d hung them outside .
Telling him to climb into the bed of the truck did n’t sound like a bad idea .


“ Aunt Gina ’s not around .
You can drop your choirboy act , and say hell .
It ’ll be our secret . ”


“ Yeah , right .
My mom probably has my boots bugged .
She ’d come home and slap me upside the head after listening to the recording . ”


I cracked up .
“ Do you plan to let loose when you move into your dorm ? ”
I concentrated on backing out of the driveway .


“ Hell , yeah . ”


Dylan and I both chuckled .
My attention turned to my parents ’ house next door .
The yard would not need maintenance for another week .
Unfortunately , my mother was n’t home .
What I would n’t give to snag a piece of homemade apple pie she always had on hand .


From time to time , I missed home and my four obnoxious sisters .
There were plenty of good times shared in my childhood home ; birthdays , holidays , and just flat out fun .
My father made sure that as the only boy in a household full of women , we spent a lot of time together .
My mom and sisters taught me how to treat a woman while my dad taught me how to be a man .
Work hard , and never , ever take no for an answer .
Words I lived by on a daily basis .


We ’d reached the front of the subdivision when my cell rang .
I jotted down notes before snapping the phone shut .
“ It looks like we ’ve got one more job . ”


Groans erupted from my passengers .


“ Hey , you want to get paid , right ? ”
I glanced over my shoulder while punching the address into Google Maps .
“ This is how it ’s done .
You guys want money for dates ; I need money for my girl , too . ”


“ What girl ? ”
Peter blurted .


Dylan cackled from the back seat .


“ I have a girl .
Unlike you guys , my girl is n’t high maintenance .
She loves it when I hold her , and it does n’t take much for me to make her sing . ”
I grinned so hard my face felt like it would split in two .


Dylan pretended to puke .


“ Dude , ” Peter said , “ you seriously need to find a girlfriend .
I ca n’t stand listening to you talk about your guitar like it ’s a real woman . ”


“ Yeah , man , you need help , ” Dylan chimed in .


“ No , what I need is a new guitar .
That will take my playing to a whole new level . ”


Peter snickered .
“ Maybe , but your love life is gonna suck . ”


I laughed , ignoring the ribbing .
These young guys just did n’t understand .
There was more to life than chasing after women .


Twenty minutes later , we arrived at the new customer ’s address .
There were no cars in the driveway .
According to the woman who called , her roommate was on her way and would be responsible for payment .
The guys waited in the truck while I surveyed the property , walking the length of the lawn , tossing small rocks to the yard ’s edge .
The last thing I needed was to pay for a customer ’s broken windshield caused by a rock thrown by the lawnmower .


The two - story house had a decent sized yard .
There were a few large shade trees in the front .
A quick assessment showed the roots should n’t get in the way of the lawnmower blades .
My height allowed me to peer over the high wooden gate of the backyard .
It was less than half the size of the front .
We ’d be able to knock it out in no time .


Peter and Dylan were out of the truck when I returned , so we went over the game plan .
We ’d just wrapped up when a car pulled into the driveway .
I exhaled deeply before turning back to fill the weed whacker with gasoline .
Our drive would not be a waste of time .


I heard the slam of a car door , followed by the opening of another .
Light footsteps crunched on loose gravel in the driveway as my customer approached .
I turned to introduce myself in full customer - service mode .


I paused , thankful my customer ’s eyes focused elsewhere , and quickly shut my mouth .
It was Ebony , the woman from the club .


Her attention appeared to be on something in her purse as she walked my way , so she had n’t seen me yet .


She was not dressed as she was Saturday night .
Her hair was n’t flowing over her shoulders , tempting my fingers to get lost in its waves .
Her legs were not bare , nor did she wear a skin tight , short dress , showing off shapely calf muscles .
Instead , she wore a baggy shirt over pants with some kind of printed design , something like standard medical wear .
She wore her hair in a ponytail , and her feet were in tennis shoes .
She struggled to balance an armful of books of various sizes and a book bag over her shoulder .


Ebony was still sexy as hell .


“ I ’ m glad you have n’t got started yet .
My roommate called me at the last minute and told me you were coming .
I do n’t have any cash on me .
Do you take checks or — ” Her voice faltered when she saw me .
“ Brian ?
What are you doing here ? ”


I caught a hint of fire in her eyes and something else .
Maybe guilt for not meeting me in VIP ?


“ I ’ m here to cut your grass . ”
I screwed the top back on the gas can , fighting the urge to laugh at the irony of the situation .


_Play it cool_ .
I was not about to let her know how disappointed I ’d been sitting alone .
What happened a few nights ago had nothing to do with the money she was about to put in my pocket .


“ I thought you were a musician . ”


I pulled goggles and gloves out of the driver ’s side door pocket .
“ I am , but it does n’t pay the bills just yet .
This is my day job . ”


Ebony ’s gaze traveled to the truck and my cousins before settling back on me .


“ This is my business , ” I added , watching her thin eyebrows arch .


Since I had n’t questioned her about the VIP incident , she seemed to relax .
The sound of a lawnmower cranking up broke the awkward silence .


“ Well , I ’ll get out of your way . ”
She backed away from the truck and headed for her house .


It dawned on me I did n’t answer her question regarding the form of payment .
At least it would give me something to talk about when we were done .


Saturday night , Ebony disappeared like Cinderella , without leaving a hint of a glass slipper .
Now , barely two days later , I found where she lived .
What were the chances ?
This was fate .


I took the opportunity to appreciate every inch of her hidden under baggy clothes .
The image of her in the black form - fitting dress revealing every curvy inch of her body had haunted my dreams .


Outside the club , in natural light , Ebony did not disappoint .
Her almond shaped eyes were a rich shade of brown , dark and mysterious .
She wore no makeup on her caramel skin , and her lips were naked , with no hint of gloss .


I chuckled when she finally got her front door unlocked .
It appeared she ’d run into some trouble with her key .
_Flustered perhaps ? _


I hoped so .
With a little luck , I just might have a chance to get her to talk to me about more than grass .


* Chapter 3 Chapter 3 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 3


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ Damn it . ”
I pushed the door shut with my foot , nearly dropping the books balanced in my arms .
A quick peek out the living room blinds showed Brian staring at the closed front door with a smug look .


Of all the people in southern California who cut grass , how in the world did he end up at my home ?
Where did Yasmine find this guy ?
Did she know Brian ?


My roommates had given me a hard time for not accepting his VIP offer .
After Saturday night , this smelled of a set up .
And now this .
First , Yasmine calls at the last minute , knowing I ’ m on the way home and tells me to expect someone to be there cutting the grass , and then coincidently forgets the guy ’s name .
Yeah , right .


Annoyed , I pulled my phone out of my purse and called first Yasmine and then Kaitlyn .
Of course , Yasmine ’s phone went to voicemail .
Kaitlyn ’s did too .
It would be a waste of time to leave a message , but when they got home , there would be hell to pay .
I appreciated their interest in my love life , but it was exactly that . Mine .
After Saturday night ’s attempt to set me up , they agreed to stay out of it .


The sound of a lawnmower gliding past the living room window caught my eye .
One of the guys rolled the mower across the grass .
At least the yard would receive the attention it needed .
I headed for the kitchen ; it was my turn to cook dinner .
Tonight ’s menu would consist of frozen lasagna and salad .
Thank goodness for bagged salad , because I was in no mood to cut up any vegetables .
Even though school was not in session , my goal was to stay on top of my game . Dr . Jacobs , my mentor and one of the head veterinarians on staff at the Los Angeles Zoo , had allowed me to borrow several books from his personal library .
He appreciated my hard work and offered to give me a heads - up on classes I ’d be taking in the fall .
I was anxious to get started .


Before I started dinner , I needed to take a shower and wash off the odors of the animal clinic where I worked as a veterinarian ’s assistant .
Juggling both jobs was a lot of work , but the rewards were well worth it .


I closed my eyes and groaned .
Oh , no , I reeked .
No wonder Brian grinned like an idiot when he thought I was n’t looking .
It was n’t as if he could talk .
His shirt clung to his body , saturated with sweat as though he had run through my neighbor ’s sprinklers .


I grabbed my things and headed upstairs .


Unable to resist , I stacked the books on my desk and pulled out one that caught my attention the most .
It dealt with the daily care of orangutans .
The topic interested me most because of the zoo ’s recent addition .
Baby Nala was born a few days ago , but sadly , her mother had died .
It was now up to the zoo ’s staff to provide the care she needed to keep her healthy until she matured enough to join the other orangutans in the zoo exhibit .
As an intern , I would be one of the select few tasked with this job .
It promised to be a rewarding experience .


After a quick review , I set down the book .
The lasagna had another forty - five minutes to cook .
I walked to my window to check on the guys ’ progress .
They were nearly finished .
It would n’t be long before Brian would be looking for payment .


Crap .
He never answered my question .
If he did n’t accept checks , he would have to follow me to the ATM .


I stripped down and reached in the shower to adjust the water temperature .
Body wash in hand , I stepped into the steaming water .


The stench of work swirled down the drain , replaced by the scent of melons while the water caressed my body like a summer rain .
I pulled off my ponytail holder , letting the water run down my face while washing my hair .
The next time Brian smelled me , I wanted it to be something soft and sweet , not animalistic .


_Hold on , why did it matter how I smelled ? _
Irritated by the thought , I scrubbed a little harder .


My thoughts went back to Friday night .
Brian smelled nice at the club .
His rough , callused palm felt nice too .
No wonder .
He did more than strum a guitar all day .
I admired that .


Getting out of the shower , I toweled off .
Even though Brian was five times sweatier than when we ’d met , it somehow made him more attractive .
When I realized it was him standing at the truck , I assumed he would demand to know why I avoided his invitation .
Instead , he ’d been cordial , making the surprise easier on both of us .
He was definitely about his business .


Oiled up , smelling good , my damp hair in a bun , and wearing a pair of cotton shorts and a tank top , I headed back down to the kitchen .
The lasagna should be nearing completion and so should Brian .


The buzzing sound of yard equipment drew my attention to the bay window .
Somehow , they ’d gotten over the locked gate .
Oops , I ’d forgotten to take the chain off before hopping in the shower .
He was resourceful , too .


Brian stood with his weed whacker , swinging it in a controlled arc along the fence .
My eyes widened ; he was shirtless .
The man had an incredibly strong looking back .
His shorts hung loosely from his hips , exposing the top of his underwear from the weight of the sweat - stained shirt stuffed under his belt .
_Hmm , boxers or briefs ? _
Sweat ran in heavy rivulets down his shoulder blades , trickling to the already damp shorts .


None of that compared to the way he looked when he turned around to speak to one of the guys working with him .
His long torso , free of body fat , sported a light sprinkling of blond hair between his pecs .
His abdomen showed every cut of muscle I ’d seen in high school biology textbooks .
His abs were tight , his belly button nearly nonexistent .


Brian ’s bronzed skin reminded me of a Greek statue , a testament of many hours spent working outside .
His backward baseball cap hid the thick blond curls I ’d seen at the club .
The damp ringlets hung below its rim , accentuating his square facial structure and the shape of his nose .
His blue eyes seemed to glow from deep within his skin .


Brian was unbelievably sexy .


One of the younger guys stepped into my line of sight , blocking my admiration of his anatomy .
I bit my lip in irritation until Brian extended an arm .
My eyes widened at the sight of tattoos over well - defined muscle .
Intricate dark rings banded both biceps .
How did I miss that ?
Oh yeah , his abs had distracted me .
Curious , I stepped closer to the blinds , parting them .
Damn , I could n’t see the entire design .
What was it ?


At that moment , Brian faced the window .
He remained expressionless for a moment before he squinted , then smiled .


_Busted_ .


My face felt hot .
I took a moment to clear the expression on my face before grabbing three cold bottles of water out of the refrigerator and walking outside .


I surveyed the yard while offering him a bottle .
“ It looks good . ”


“ It sure does , ” Brian said .


I glanced at him .
He did n’t hide his examination of me .
His gaze started at my bare legs and slowly traveled up .
His expression made his thoughts apparent .
I started to open my mouth and comment , until our eyes met .
His blue eyes held mine , sending a warm tingle along my skin , reminding me of the way I ’d felt when he held my hand .


“ Thanks for the water , ” he said , then whistled for the other workers .


Try as I might , it was impossible to keep my eyes off his body when his back was to me .
I took the opportunity to peek at his tattoos again .
Standing this close , I could make out a little more of the intricate design .
To truly see it , I would have to get close , so close I could …


I looked up to find his lips tilted in a lopsided grin .


_Damn , busted again_ .


Not wanting him to think I was impressed , I forced my face to stay blank .
“ How much is it going to cost ? ”


Laugher danced in those gorgeous blue eyes .
Brian took long draws of water , apparently in no rush to answer my question .
I forced my eyes to stay on his and ignored the fact that sweat should not look so good .


He raised an eyebrow .
“ I have n’t decided yet . ”


I frowned .
“ What do you mean ?
You ’ve been here for nearly an hour . ”


He shrugged , pulled a rag from his pocket , wiped his face , and then dragged the thing down his chest .
I automatically followed the movement before snapping my eyes back to his .
A slow grin spread across his face .
“ It depends . ”


“ On what ? ”


“ On how honest you ’re going to be with me . ”


I clamped my jaw tight while crossing my arms , fighting the irritation building .
Brian apparently thought he could do or say anything to get his way .
He did it when buying me a drink at the club .
He ’d done it when assuming I ’d meet him in VIP .
Now this .


My lack of a sex life and unexplained physical attraction to him made my irritability worse .


“ Honest about what ? ”
I ground out .


Brian ’s eyes flashed with humor again as he finished off the last of his water .
“ Why did n’t you meet me the other night ?
I looked for you , waited around thinking maybe you got stuck in the bathroom . ”
He crossed his arms , taking a wide stance .
“ Nothing .
No note , no message left with security .
You just disappeared . ”


Realization hit me .
“ You ’re going to charge me more because I did n’t hook up with you ? ”


“ Hey , do n’t put words in my mouth .
I have n’t decided what to charge .
That ’s not the same thing . ”


“ Okay , so what you really mean is if you like my answer , I ’ll get a discount .
If you do n’t , then you ’re going to screw me . ”


Brian ’s mischievous smile caused me to suck my teeth .
Bad choice of words .


“ Overcharging my customers is not good for business . ”
He chuckled .
“ Besides , offering a discount would be an incentive for you to answer the question and not avoid it the same way you avoided me . ”
He paused to unhook the weed whacker ’s strap from around his neck and set it on the ground .
He rolled his neck and shoulders , then crossed his arms and resumed his wide - legged stance .


I glanced down and noticed the slight bow in his muscular legs .
Damn , he looked good .


“ Brian . ”
I forced myself to stare at the men bagging lawn clippings .
“ I went home . ”


“ Why did n’t you stick around ?
You could have left your number if you needed to leave . ”


Brian regarded me intently while waiting for my reply .
His scrutiny made me nervous .


I took a deep breath and held it for a few seconds before blowing it out .
“ Why do you care ?
Plenty of women were ready to jump at the opportunity to be with you .
Why are you interested in me ? ”


“ Why not ?
I ’ve seen most of those women before . ”
He laughed as I twisted my mouth .
“ That did n’t come out right .
What I mean is they are all the same .
None of them have caught my attention like you do . ”


My mind went back to the buffet of women available at the bar , the brunette who gave me the evil eye , red heads , a few blondes , women of every size , shape , and race .


“ So you saw me wearing a tight dress and figured you ’d get me in bed as a trophy .
You know , sex with a black woman ? ”
I rolled my eyes .
“ I ’ m an educated black woman with a good head on my shoulders , not some _ho_ from the hood .
If that ’s what you want , then I suggest you go take a ride down — ”


Brian ’s dimples popped as his lips pulled back in a hearty laugh .
He shook his head .
“ I knew there was something about you I liked . ”


Confused , I stared at him .
Was he serious ?


“ You ’re feisty and do n’t hold back , I like that .
And yes , the color of your skin did have something to do with it . ”


I pointed a finger at him .
“ See , that ’s what I thought . ”
I moved to march back inside , steam practically blowing from my ears .


“ No , I ’ m pretty sure you ’re thinking the wrong thing .
Your skin is beautiful .
And by the way , I ’ve dated black women before . ”


That comment put the brakes on my exit .


“ But like I said , the color of your skin is not why I want to take you out . ”
His head cocked to the side as if remembering something .
“ Wait a minute , you ’re avoiding my question .
Why did you stand me up ? ”


“ Stand you up ?
We were n’t on a date .
You assumed I ’d come running because you bought me a drink .
Was I supposed to be impressed ? ”


A roguish grin appeared as he shrugged .
“ Honestly , I ’ m glad you did n’t .
It makes you more interesting . ”


I tilted my head , appraising him .
“ Interesting , yeah , right .
Would I have been this interesting if we never saw each other again ? ”


He shrugged .
“ Maybe , maybe not , I guess we ’ll never know .
What I do know is we ’re here now .
It ’s a second chance to get to know you .
I already know your name , where you live … ”
He wagged his eyebrows in an attempt to make me laugh , I supposed .


It did n’t work .
My internal alarm began to chime .
If he did n’t like my answer , would he start stalking me ?


He raised a hand to tick off fingers .
“ You ’re educated , you have a smart mouth , and you ’re not supposed to be attracted to me . ”
He creased his eyebrows in thought .
“ That ’s not enough , I ’ve got more questions . ”


Vexed beyond belief , I threw my hands up in surrender .


“ Okay , fine .
If it will save money , I ’ll play along .
What ’s the question ? ”


He grinned in victory while I closed my eyes and massaged the bridge of my nose .


“ Do you have a problem going out with me because I ’ m white ? ” he asked , straight to the point .


“ What ? ”
My eyes flew open .
It was the last thing I expected him to ask .


His hands went up in defense .
“ Hey , you ’re the one who made a big deal about it .
Me ?
I see a sexy woman who ’s got more to offer than just her looks and a body that ’s … well , there ’s a lot more going on .
I ’ m curious .
So what do you say ? ”


That was unexpected .
It took several tries before I could open my mouth .
“ No , I do n’t have a problem with you being white . ”


One of Brian ’s dark - blond eyebrows rose as if he did n’t believe me .


“ It ’s true .
One of my best friends and roommate is white , ” I said in defense .


“ Good .
Since race is n’t a problem , go out with me tomorrow night . ”


* Chapter 4 Chapter 4 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 4


_ * * Ebony * * _


I slapped a square of steaming lasagna on Yasmine ’s plate .


Yasmine watched it slide onto the table when I dropped the plate in front of her .
“ Whoa , Ebony , what ’s wrong with you ? ”


“ You guys promised to stay out of my love life . ”


Her eyes were small slits when she looked up at me .
“ Yeah , so what ’s your point ? ”


My attention went to Kaitlyn .
“ Oh , do n’t try to play innocent , you were in on it , too , ” I said , stomping toward the refrigerator .


“ In on what ? ”
Kaitlyn ’s hazel eyes widened .
“ I did n’t do nothin ’ . ”


I rolled my eyes in exasperation and slammed the refrigerator door , salad dressing in hand .
“ Both of you set this up . ”


Kaitlyn ’s eyebrows scrunched together .
“ Set what up ? ”


I studied her perplexed expression .
Kaitlyn was n’t good at lying , which could only mean one thing .
Yasmine was the true source of my irritation .


“ Brian . ”
I turned to face her .
“ You lied .
You do know him .
I came home to find him standing in our yard .
You ’re the one who set this up . ”
I grabbed my plate from the counter and intentionally dragged my chair from the table , hoping the scraping noise irritated my roommates .


“ Excuse me ? ”
Yasmine ’s well - trimmed eyebrows arched .
“ The only Brian I know is a guy I dated a year ago .
He ’s a male dancer . ”


I ground my teeth .
Between Yasmine and Brian , my dentist would make a lot of money .


“ Yes , you do , ” I reminded her with a thin amount of patience .
“ You called him to cut the grass .
You know , the same Brian I met at the club . ”


Kaitlyn held up a hand .
“ Hold up .
You mean the white guy ?
The one you dissed , was here ? ”


“ I chose to ignore his invitation .
It ’s not the same thing . ”


Yasmine sat up straighter , all hints of her irritation disappeared .
“ Wait a minute , how did he find out where you lived ? ”


“ Because you called him . ”
I fought the urge to yell my response .


“ No , the number I called belonged to Javan ’s roommate , ” Yasmine said .


Both women were silent , watching me as the pieces clicked together .


My mouth dropped open .
“ Oh .
My .
God . ”


“ What ? ”
Kaitlyn focused on me .


“ This is unbelievable .
Brian is Javan ’s roommate .
I thought the drummer was his roommate . ”
I laughed in disbelief .


Yasmine ’s eyebrows narrowed in confusion .
“ Did I miss something ? ”


My anger deflated .
“ I ’ m sorry , you guys . ”


Yasmine picked up a generous helping with her fork .
“ All ’s forgiven as long as this lasagna is n’t burnt . ”


Kaitlyn ’s food remained untouched .
“ Are you gonna tell us what happened , or what ? ”


Aware of their questioning faces , I leaned forward to rest my elbows on the table .
“ Well , you got the gist of it .
Brian — ”


“ The one you dissed , ” Kaitlyn said .


“ Yes , him .
It turns out Brian does more than play in a band .
He owns a lawn - care business and cuts grass during the day . ”


“ Hmm , on a first - name basis and the man has two jobs .
Impressive . ”


I flicked my gaze to Yasmine .


She shrugged .
“ What ? ”


“ Anyway , he started flirting with me . ”
I paused , remembering the mischievous gleam in his eyes .
“ Do n’t get me wrong , the man is fine , just not my type . ”


“ Because he ’s white ? ”
Kaitlyn asked .


“ No . ” Brian ’s gloriously half - naked , sweaty skin and devilish blue eyes were committed to memory .
“ He ’s just not … ”
I waved a hand over my body .
“ I like a man with a lot of muscle . ”


Yasmine smirked .
“ That ’s the excuse you ’re using ? ”


“ Okay , I appreciate a good - looking man of any race .
But when it comes to dating , I ca n’t imagine being in an interracial relationship .
First , there ’s the whole , we - do n’t - have - anything - in - common thing , followed by the look - at - them - staring - at - us thing .
And let ’s not forget the , bring - a - white - boy - home - to - meet - your - family thing .
And oh my God , there ’s the — ”


Yasmine put her hand in the air .
“ Okay , we get it ; you have a problem with dating a white guy . ”
She shook her head .
“ Ebony , let ’s be real .
Your family lives three thousand miles away .
Besides , you ’re not trying to marry the man ; you ’re trying to get your freak on .
If black is what you need , wait till it ’s dark , and turn off the damn light . ”


Kaitlyn nearly choked on a mouthful of food , while I howled in laughter .
Yasmine joined in .
We laughed until tears streamed from our eyes .
No matter what the situation , Yasmine kept it real .


“ Is this based on personal experiences ? ”
I asked when able to speak again .


“ Yeah , and hello ?
Black father , white mother . ”
Yasmine smirked .
“ Besides , I ’ve been there , done a hell of a lot of that .
Black , white , Hispanic , Asian … ”
She counted off each with her fingers .


“ How could I forget ?
You ’re an equal opportunity lover , ” I mocked .


“ Smart ass . ”
She smiled .
“ Think about it .
You mix black with any race and you get a whole lot of beautiful .
Vanessa Williams , Halle Berry , Shemar Moore … .mmm , he ’s yummy .
Vin Diesel — ”


“ Oh , do n’t forget Tiger Woods , ” Kaitlyn added enthusiastically .


We both shot her a questioning glance .


“ Okay … he ’s got a whole lot of everybody in him .
Too much , though , because he is not cute , ” Yasmine stated .


“ But he gets paid , ” Kaitlyn pointed out .


“ She ’s got a point there , ” I agreed .


We all laughed .


“ Back to the story .
You guys recognized each other … ”
Yasmine prompted .


“ We recognized each other , all right .
He was nonchalant and all business .
Until I went to give him some water , then he changed on me . ”


Yasmine laughed .


Kaitlyn ’s eyebrows narrowed .
“ Whaddya mean ? ”


“ Well , Brian stopped being professional and accused me of standing him up .
He wanted to know why I did n’t meet him and insisted on an honest answer . ”
I stared down at my plate , pushing pieces of broken lasagna around with my fork .
“ So I told him he was n’t my type . ”


“ You are never going to get laid , ” Yasmine muttered .


“ He did n’t seem to care , ” I said , shooting her the evil eye .
“ He asked me out .
Well , dared me is a more accurate description . ”


Kaitlyn laughed .
“ He dared you to go out with him ? ”


“ We ’re going to meet tomorrow night at the Santa Monica Pier for dinner . ”


“ See , Kaitlyn , that ’s why Ebony never plays Truth or Dare .
She ’s a sucker every time , ” Yasmine said .


I laughed .
“ Do n’t get excited .
It ’s more like a business transaction than a date . ”


They looked at me with raised eyebrows .


“ I agreed to go out with him if he cut the grass for free . ”
I jogged my eyebrows .


Both women were all grins as they gave me high - fives .


Yasmine beamed .
“ See , that ’s what I ’ m talking about .
I knew you ’d pick up on my lessons one day . ”


* * *


The Santa Monica Pier was the perfect location for a first date .
Couples strolled along , holding hands , or cuddled up on benches facing the ocean .
Several of my past dates were here .
But this was n’t a date .


A business transaction .
A dare in response to his dare .


When Brian suggested a date instead of payment for services rendered , I ’d been speechless .
Apparently , he felt getting to know me was worth it .
The thought was flattering .


Brian resented the idea of going Dutch , but it was one of my stipulations .
After all , he ’d bought me a drink and fallen for the free - grass ploy .
Besides , this would n’t go any further .
My plan was to answer his questions to stave off his curiosity , and then go home .
The next time we needed yard maintenance , I would be sure to have cash on hand .
If not , I ’d find another company to use .
Although I had to admit , it ’d be disappointing not to see him half - dressed in my yard again .


I reached for my cell phone to check the time .
Brian was fifteen minutes late .
There were no missed calls or messages .
We ’d exchanged phone numbers in case either of us needed to cancel .
He never called , so I figured we were still on .


The idea of meeting Brian was n’t so bad .
After the day I had at work , a break from the norm would be nice .
The closer I got to graduating , the fiercer the competition for the coveted veterinarian technician position became .
I had earned the opportunity to move up from being a volunteer to an intern once I graduated U.C.L.A. Moving from intern to vet tech would put me one step closer to my career goal .


I began working as a volunteer during my second year in college .
After five years of working at the zoo , I was privy to everything that went on .
The routines , all the secrets , and who was screwing who .
Animals were n’t the only ones in heat .


I stared at my menu .
Instead of food , the image of Dr . Jacobs and Lily — the newest volunteer who was barely legal — in an unimaginable compromising position in the supply closet came to mind .
I ’d excused myself and made a quick exit from the building .
Dr .
Jacobs found me a short time later in the orangutan habitat .
He pulled me to the side and promised to make me a shoo - in for the full - time position upon graduation if I kept my mouth shut .
The idea disgusted me .


After nearly eight years of working my ass off , I did n’t give a damn where Dr . Jacobs stuck his private parts , as long as he did n’t think I was the one holding his balls .
I made my position clear ; I did n’t need his help , nor did I plan to gossip about his personal affairs .
He did n’t seem satisfied when I did n’t accept his offer .
I had a feeling he would be watching my every step .
So much for having a mentor .


The delicious aroma of melting cheese and pepperoni awakened hunger pains .
Where was Brian ?


Fed up with waiting , I dialed his number and got sent straight to voicemail .


Could he be standing me up ?
Was this retaliation for not hooking up at the club ?


Maybe something I said caused him to change his mind .


I wiped a hand across my forehead .
It felt as if fate branded the word _IDIOT_ there for the whole world to see .


This definitely had to do with the club .
I ’ m the one who fell for it .


There were no other reasons for me to hang around .
I mused over my dinner choices — chicken noodle soup or McDonald ’s — and signaled the waitress , paid for my drink , and headed out of the pizza parlor .
I ’d nearly reached the parking lot when I heard my name called .


“ Ebony , I ’ m sorry , ” Brian shouted as he jogged toward me .


I stopped and waited for him to join me .
Either I was under - dressed or he was seriously over - dressed .
He wore a black vest over black shirt , silver tie , and black slacks .
Black - and - white Converse completed his ensemble .
My eyebrows went up in surprise .
Not only did he clean up nice , he had a weird sense of style .


“ Ebony , I can explain .
Just let me catch my breath . ”
He bent over and rested his hands on his knees .
His cheeks were flushed red .


I did n’t know how to react .
A part of me wanted to rejoice because he had n’t stood me up , while another part wanted to fuss for the lack of communication .


I crossed my arms .
“ This better be good . ”


“ I promise you it is .
I was on my way here when I got a call from another musician .
He had a gig scheduled tonight but got sick . ”
He paused and wiped sweat from his brow .
“ I ’ m sorry .
I ’ve got to take this job . ”
His eyes beseeched me in a heartfelt apology , begging me to understand .
Brian ’s smile was apologetic , and his voice sounded genuine .


I knew exactly what it meant to make ends meet .


“ I understand the need to get your hustle on , Brian .
You should have called , and I would have understood .
We could have canceled . ”


Brian dug into his pocket and displayed the screen of his phone .
“ My battery died after that call , and your number is in my phone .
My cousin broke my car charger , and I did n’t have time to get a new one or charge my battery before I left the house .
All I could do was pray you ’d still be here . ”


Beads of sweat dotted Brian ’s brow .
He ’d apparently run the entire length of the parking lot to find me .
His blue - eyed gaze continued to beg for my forgiveness .
Softening , I uncrossed my arms .


“ I do n’t want to cancel .
Please , let me make it up to you . ”


I pursed my lips .
“ Fine , maybe some other time . ”


“ No , I mean tonight .
You ’ve already driven out here .
Come with me .
This should only take an hour , hour and a half tops .
Then I ’ll take you out for steak , my treat . ”
Brian flashed his baby blues and killer smile .


I was a sucker for dimples .


Besides , steak was a step up from pizza and a lot better than a can of soup .
How could I say no to that ?


* Chapter 5 Chapter 5 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 5


_ * * Brian * * _


It was six - thirty .
If I drove fast enough , we would get to the gig with a few minutes to spare .


Ebony had n’t spoken since we pulled out of the parking lot .


Getting her to go out with me had been a challenge .
Running late nearly blew the opportunity .


The condition of my work truck made a bad first impression .
I did n’t consider this detail before insisting she go with me to the dance .
Mentally , I slapped myself for being an idiot and not accepting her attempt to reschedule .
My pride would n’t allow me to let her walk away from me again .


Discovering where she lived was a coincidence .
The reward of spending time with her was worth more than the fifty dollars I would have charged .
Besides , she would only play this game once .
Tonight was make - it - or - break - it time .


While merging into traffic , I grabbed an empty bottle of Gatorade as it rolled from underneath my seat .
The recently purchased pine - scented air freshener swung wildly beneath the rearview mirror .


Maintaining a clean truck had never been a top priority .
The cab ’s only occupants were my cousins — when they worked — my guitar , and me .
Most of my dates were either at the woman ’s house or we ’d meet somewhere .
When a woman was worth my time , I would pick her up .
Only then would I spend time cleaning my truck .
The amount of food wrappers , empty bottles , and junk mail attested to the fact I had n’t taken a woman out in a while .


I inhaled deeply , testing the air .
It did n’t smell too bad .
Maybe the pine fragrance would mask the odor of gasoline , grass , sweat , and foot funk .
The odors no longer bothered me .


Even though Ebony had n’t complained , it was n’t hard to miss the wrinkling of her nose .
I rolled down the windows , grabbed the half - eaten bag of chips and empty water bottle off the middle console , and tossed them into the seat behind me .


If we went out again , I would definitely get my truck detailed .


Traffic came to a stop , so I stole a peek at her .
The fading light of the setting sun glinted off her auburn hair .
She wore it down again .
Long spiral curls graced the slender curve of her neck , resting on bare shoulders .


She wore make - up .
A hint of color matched her brown shirt , accentuating her eyes .
Her lips were shiny from some kind of gloss and looked delicious .


I cleared my throat to get her attention .
“ You look good . ”


Ebony tilted her head in my direction .
“ You ’ve got to be kidding me .
I dressed for dinner at a pizza parlor on a Tuesday night .
Now you ’re dragging me to a dance .
You ’re dressed up , and I ’ m dressed for the movies .
Everyone will look at me and wonder why I ’ m there . ”


“ Where we ’re going , nobody ’s going to notice . ”


“ Yeah , right .
How do you not notice the only woman at a dance who ’s not dressed up ? ”
She crossed her arms and turned her attention to the car next to us .


I did n’t care what she had on .
Over the past few days I ’d seen Ebony dressed for a night at the club , work , and around the house ; all fit her body perfectly .
Each time felt as though I was seeing a different side of her personality .
And each time she ’d been more beautiful .


“ I ’ m wearing Capris , a tank top , and flats , ” Ebony continued , sulking .
“ I am seriously underdressed .
Why did I let you talk me into this ? ”
She paused , putting a finger to plump lips .
“ Oh , yeah , a dare . ”


My chuckle earned me a glowering stare .
“ Look , it ’s not the kind of dance you ’re thinking about .
It ’s at a senior - citizen retirement home .
Everybody ’s probably got cataracts . ”


Ebony ’s burst of laughter was infectious and made me smile .
I enjoyed the sound of her laugh .


“ Brian , are you serious ? ”


“ As a heart attack … wait a minute , that was not a good reference since we ’re going to an old - folks home .
But yes , after an hour , everybody will probably be ready for bed . ”


“ So let me get this straight , ” she said when her laughter subsided .
“ You play in a band at a nightclub , own your own business cutting grass , and you play at senior - citizen homes during the week ? ”


I nodded .
“ Well , not every week . ”


“ And I thought I stayed busy . ”
She angled her head and studied me .
“ What made you decide to be a musician ? ”


My attention returned to the road when the car in front of us moved .
“ My grandfather gave me a guitar for Christmas when I was seven , and that pretty much sealed the deal .
I learned as many instruments as I could .
When I graduated high school , I went to U.C.L.A. to get a bachelor ’s in music . ”


“ What do you play ? ”


“ Bass guitar for the band .
But I played the double bass in high school .
I also play the piano , which was my mother ’s doing . ”


“ Wow .
Playing an instrument is something I ’ve never been able to do . ”


“ It takes a lot of work and years of dedication .
I do n’t plan to work in nightclubs for the rest of my life .
The big money will come from working in the studio or going on tours . ”
When we stopped at another red light , I studied Google Maps .
We were almost there .
“ It ’ll happen one day .
Right now my focus is on getting a newer guitar .
I own two guitars , but it ’s time to step it up a notch .
I ’ve saved for three months for the one I want .
After tonight I ’ll only be $ 150 away . ”
I tossed her a look .
“ If I ’d gotten paid yesterday , it would have been one hundred . ”


Her eyes widened .
“ So it ’s my fault you did n’t get paid ?
You ’re the one who decided to go with it .
I thought you were going to say no . ”


I laughed .
“ I made the right decision .
When this is done , I plan to show you a good time . ”


Ebony ’s smirk did n’t hide the laughter in her eyes .
“ We ’ll see . ”


* * *


It did n’t take long for me to find the band ’s rhythm .
By the end of the night , we would exchange business cards and stay in touch for future work .
One thing about the music business ; networking was key .
The more people you know , the more opportunities you got to play , the more money you made .


I unhooked the guitar strap from my shoulder as we paused for a ten - minute break .
Ebony sat alone at a vacant table in the back of the room .
She watched a crowd of elderly people gathered around the punch bowl , a look of amusement on her face .


I approached the table , veering out of the path of a woman in a wheelchair .
“ Hey , are you okay ? ”


She reached down to the floor beside her seat .
“ Yes .
Here . ”
She handed me a bottle of orange juice .
“ I managed to grab a few of these before they were all gone .
It seems orange juice is a prized commodity around here . ”
She grinned .
“ There are two more if you ’re really thirsty . ”


“ Thanks . ”
I appreciated her thoughtfulness .
“ I want to apologize again for changing our plans .
I ’ m sure you ’d rather be somewhere else right now . ”


Ebony studied the room .
“ Honestly , I ’ve never been asked to dance or out on a date so many times before .
Not even at the club . ”
Her finely arched eyebrows rose .
“ There might be some life left in these old players . ”
Laugh lines crinkled around her eyes .


Ebony was truly a rare find .
A woman who could laugh at the change of circumstances instead of thinking everything revolved around her .
Mark one in the plus column .


I scoped out the competition .
“ Are you serious ? ”


She motioned with her head toward an old man staring me down .
“ Harry over there has offered to put me in his will and give me half of next month ’s Social Security check if I let him see me naked . ”


I choked ; juice dribbled out of my mouth .
Harry appeared to be at least seventy .
He grinned when Ebony looked his way .
He had abnormally white teeth for someone his age .
His plaid suit appeared to be thirty years old .
He ’d perched his Kangol hat over a knee , revealing the shiny skin of his bald head under bright lights .
His hands rested on a cane between his legs .
His eyes were all over Ebony .


When I turned back , she handed me a napkin and her smile widened .
“ Do n’t worry , I told him if he could n’t cut my grass for free then he did n’t have a chance . ”


I chuckled while wiping my mouth .
She had a great sense of humor .
“ You can add dessert to the steak deal . ”
I promised .


“ Good , because sugar - free cookies and Jell - O may be good for my figure , but they are not satisfying . ”
Ebony reached for the empty juice container and set it on the table .
“ You guys are really good .
Watching you play is … interesting .
I like the way you hold your guitar . ”
She bit her lip .
Her eyes flashed something that could have been sexual .
She attempted to play off embarrassment by looking at Harry .
It did n’t hide the rosy hue under her caramel cheeks . though .


Call me crazy , but I could have sworn she envied my guitar .


“ You were paying attention . ”


“ I ’ m an observant person .
You ’re confident when you play .
I like confidence . ”


I raised an eyebrow .
Confidence was my middle name .


“ Do n’t let it go to your head .
Cutting my grass and taking me out to dinner is not going to get you in my pants . ”


I chuckled .
Taking her to bed was n’t my goal for the evening , but it felt like an issued challenge .


“ Well , if — ” Someone smacked me on the ass , interrupting my witty reply .


I looked over my shoulder and discovered a woman leaning on a walker .
The pink flower pinned to her shoulder hung lazily over sagging boobs .
The woman appeared to be as old as my great aunt .


“ You can get into my pants anytime , blondie . ”


I stood speechless .
Ebony ’s muffled laughter floated from behind me .


The facilities director hustled over from serving refreshments to thwart the elderly woman ’s second attempt to swat my behind .
“ Mrs .
Johansson ! ”


Unfortunately , it did n’t stop the toothless grin Mrs . Johansson flashed me .


The director placed a gentle hand on the woman ’s back and attempted to turn my admirer in the opposite direction .
“ I ’ m sorry , ” she said .


“ Uh … no problem . ”
My cheeks burned .
“ I ’ m going to head back now . ”
The guys had congregated around the instruments .


Ebony nodded and attempted to hide her grin behind her hands .


The gig ended a short time later as some of the partygoers headed to bed .
The spry ones put on music and continued to dance .


I was putting my guitar in its case when Ebony ’s playful laughter caught my attention .
She no longer sat at the table .
Instead , she danced with good old Harry .


The old timer ’s attempts to tear up the dance floor with my date amused me .
The old guy could move .
Ebony laughed again as he spun her around then attempted to dip her .
Try as he might , his body would n’t comply .
So instead he settled on pulling her closer , sliding his hands lower on her waist .


Watching Ebony dance mesmerized me .
Even though she was n’t dancing like that night in the club , it was impossible not to appreciate those God - given curves .
What I would n’t do to be able to hold her in my arms .


I shook my head .
I was jealous of a seventy - year - old man because his hands were on my girl .


_Date_ .
Get a grip .
She ’s my date , not my girl .


My attention went back to the guys who were in deep conversation .
I shook hands , asked questions , and collected my portion of tonight ’s performance fee .
We exchanged business cards and talked about various work opportunities we ’d heard of .
Eventually , my focus turned back to Ebony .
The first song had ended .
They were now on to song number two .
Ebony looked my way .
Our eyes connected , and she mouthed a silent plea for help .
A survey of the situation revealed good old Harry trying his best to round second base with my date .
His large wrinkled hands were on her ass .
Her very fine , shapely ass .


The sly bastard .


Ebony grabbed his wrists , pried his hands off , and pulled them back to her waist .
Harry put them back .
Irritation flashed in her eyes , though she kept a smile on her lips .


I dismissed myself to go to her aid .


“ Excuse me , may I have this dance ? ”


Harry stared me down .
Despite his age , he was still an imposing figure .
We were nearly the same height , and he looked me dead in the eye .


“ Do you want to dance with this fella ? ” he asked Ebony , his gaze never leaving mine .


“ Yes , this is my date , ” Ebony said smoothly , though irritation still shown in her eyes .


“ _Humph_ .
Just remember what I told you . ”
Harry released her and hobbled back to the table where he ’d been sitting to retrieve his cane .


Clearly relieved , Ebony slipped into my arms .
Our bodies connected as if we ’d danced a million times ; every part of her fit perfectly against me .
Her intoxicating perfume hinted at something sweet and forbidden , a line I ’d willingly cross if given the chance .
I ’d gotten a whiff of her fragrance in the car before rolling down the windows .
But now I was up close and personal .
There was no doubt about it , I wanted her .


The only time we ’d been this close had been the night we met at the bar .
In her flat shoes , her head stopped at my shoulder .
Ebony tilted her head up .
Her almond shaped eyes were liquid pools of chocolate , pulling me in hard .
I zeroed in on luscious lips curved into a sexy smile that made my heart stop .
Damn , they would be perfect for kissing .


Her hand felt soft and delicate in mine .
Her curvaceous body , the inspiration for last night ’s erotic dream , pressed against me .
God help me , it was impossible to ignore the softness of her breasts when she brushed against my chest .


I drew in a deep breath and held it for a few seconds in an effort to control the increased beating of my heart .
I did n’t want her to know how much she turned me on .


Ebony ’s warm body against mine was the most exquisite form of torture .


My focus went to the old couple dancing on the other side of the room and the empty punch bowl .
Even Harry , as he gave me the evil eye , anything to prevent the hard - on threatening to betray my thoughts .


“ He said I reminded him of his first wife . ”


Her melodic voice captured my attention .


“ The man ’s got good taste . ”


“ Yeah , well , if he groped my butt one more time …
Men , no matter how old , will always try to feel you up . ”


I chuckled .
“ The only difference is old men tend to get away with it .
Young guys like me risk losing a limb or facing jail time . ”


Ebony looked up again , studying me .


“ I ca n’t offer you Social Security money , but I can buy you dinner without requiring you get naked . ”
I smiled while Ebony giggled .
“ Let ’s go eat . ”


* Chapter 6 Chapter 6 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 6


_ * * Ebony * * _


Since our plans had changed , Brian insisted he pay for dinner .
I studied the menu .
At these prices , I would need to sleep with him in order to be even again .
That was not an option .


I studied my surroundings after the server took our order .
Dark floors complimented the hardwood tables .
Pictures depicting forest landscapes were on the walls .
Animal heads and antique farming tools mounted on the walls added to the rustic cabin theme .
Nearly every seat in the restaurant was taken , which could mean one thing ; they served good food .


A server walked by with a tray weighed down by steaming plates .
Shrimp rested on rice next to cubed potatoes and steak covered with onions and bell pepper .
My mouth watered while my stomach growled at the delicious aroma .


“ The next time we go out , we ’ll eat first . ”
The deep timbre of Brian ’s voice took my mind away from hunger pains .


“ Who said there would be a next time ? ”


A lopsided grin spread on his handsome face as he reached for his cup of water .
“ Call it wishful thinking . ”


“ Anyway , this is n’t exactly a date . ”


Brian chuckled .
“ That ’s not what you told Harry . ”


“ I said you were my date so he would let go of me . ”
I allowed a half smile .


Brian laughed loudly .
“ It definitely worked . ”


Another server delivered a tray to the patrons sitting across from us .
I contemplated the events of the evening .
Over the past few hours , Brian had entertained me with live music , we ’d slow danced , and a seventy - year - old man made a move on me .
Most dates were boring , but not this one .


An outburst of cheers and clapping disturbed the ambiance as servers walked by singing happy birthday .
I studied Brian as he watched the show .
He ’d ditched the tie and vest in his truck before loosening the top three buttons of his shirt .
His chiseled features — deep blue eyes under thick eyebrows , cocky smile , and curly blond hair — were heart stoppingly handsome .


My gaze followed the movement of his Adam ’s apple down the opening of his shirt .
It had been impossible to ignore his hard body as we danced .
His rough fingers were strong and sure on my body .
His eyes drew me deep into the sea of blue .
My initial reaction was to press myself against him because it felt … secure .
How could being in his arms have felt right ?
I barely knew the man .


Brian ’s attention turned back to me .
He smiled .
“ What are you thinking ? ”


I straightened in the booth , glad he could n’t read my thoughts .
“ Javan is your roommate ?
You guys are nothing alike . ”


“ Are you one of his _friends_ ? ”
He made air quotation marks , his expression curious and eyebrows creased .


“ Do you mean am I sleeping with him ?
No , he ’s dating my roommate , Yasmine .
She ’s the one who called you . ”


Relief seemed to dawn on his face .
“ I ’ve never met her , but tell her I said thanks . ”


“ So , how did you two become roommates ? ”
I reached for my cup of water .


“ We met in college , lived in the same dorm room , and graduated the same year .
We decided to rent a house together . ”
He shrugged .
“ Economically , it works for both of us . ”


“ Do you guys get along ?
I do n’t know Javan , but … he makes me nervous . ”


Brian ’s brow creased .
“ Nervous ?
How ? ”


“ I only run into him when he picks Yasmine up .
I ’ll answer the door , and it ’s as if he ’s mentally undressing me . ”
Goose bumps sprouted along my skin at the thought .


Brian looked away .
“ Javan plays games with people .
He studied to be a shrink and likes to experiment .
In college , his favorite past time was finding out how many women he could manipulate . ”
He shook his head , a look of disappointment on his face .
“ I figured he ’d stop once we graduated , but apparently he has n’t .
Just ignore him , and he ’ll move on to somebody else . ”


I hoped he ’d do it soon .
Telling Yasmine about her new man was the last thing I wanted to do .


“ That ’s enough about him .
Tell me about you . ”


“ What do you want to know ? ”


“ You ’ve got roommates .
How did you meet ? ”


“ Same as you , in college .
I have two roommates .
Kaitlyn and I lived in the same dorm room .
Yasmine lived off campus .
We bonded like sisters . ”
I paused .
“ You ’d like Kaitlyn .
I ’ll introduce you sometime . ”


He appeared baffled .
“ You want me to meet your roommate ?
Thanks , but no thanks . ”


“ Are you sure ?
She ’s very pretty , blond hair , green eyes , and big boobs .
You did n’t notice at the club ?
Every guy in the room gravitated toward her . ”


Brian remained quiet , his eyes steady on mine .
“ Are you insecure ? ”


I sat back .
“ Excuse me ? ”


“ I ’ m asking because you do n’t seem to understand .
I like you .
Are you telling me about her because she ’s white ? ”


My back went up in defense .
“ No , I ’ m not insecure .
You seem like a nice guy , and Kaitlyn would like you .
Besides , you guys might have some things in common . ”


Brian ’s eyebrows lifted .
“ Ebony , you do n’t know me .
How can you say we could have something in common ? ”


“ Well , you ’re both single . ”


His gaze stayed on mine as he drank from his beer .
“ You and I are both single .
I bet we have some things in common , too . ”
He sipped again .
“ We ’re approaching this relationship differently . ”


I scoffed .
“ We do n’t have a relationship . ”


He sat quietly , watching the remnants of his beer as he swirled it around .
“ When you look at me , what do you see ? ”


I preoccupied myself with the ring on my napkin .
“ A white man — ”


“ Obviously , ” he said before I finished my thought .


I forced myself to look at him .
“ A _man_ who is not my type . ”


Brian nodded , drained the last of his beer , and sat back .
When he spoke again , his eyes focused on mine .
“ You know what I see ? ”
His gaze traveled to my mouth and lingered .


Damn , when was the last time any man looked at me that way ?


“ The first time I saw you , your curves were what got my attention . ”
He smiled .
“ A man would have to be Stevie Wonder not to notice you . ”


“ You and every man there , ” I mumbled , crossed my arms , and focused on a picture across the restaurant .
I could n’t hide the heat in my cheeks though .


“ I ’ m not finished . ”


The commanding tone of his voice drew my attention .


“ At the bar , up close , your eyes revealed more than just a pretty face and hot body .
You ’re intelligent and witty .
I like that .
I want to know _you_ , Ebony . ”
He paused to lick his lips .
“ Once I do …
I want you in my bed . ”


My eyes widened in shock .


“ Let me get this straight .
You want to sleep with me , but you want to get to know me first ? ”
I shook my head .
“ Is this supposed to be some line to get me naked ? ”


His dazzling blue gaze was mischievous .
“ No , it ’s putting my cards on the table . ”


“ You know , no matter what race , all men are alike . ”
I sat back , irritation in my voice and heat in between my legs . Damn .
The man was good .


“ We all have dicks , but that ’s where I draw the line . ”
He grinned .


I bit my lip to keep from laughing and shot him a look filled with daggers instead .


Brian ’s smile faded .
“ Ebony , what bothers you most ?
The color of my skin or the fact I want to sleep with you ? ”


“ Both . ”


“ Is there something wrong with me wanting you ?
Everything does n’t have to be about skin color . ”


“ Maybe not for you , but back home , people voice their disapproval of interracial dating . ”


“ Where are you from ? ”


“ North Carolina . ”


“ That explains a few things .
Look , you ’re in California , home of legalized weed .
An interracial couple is nothing . ”


I could n’t quite argue with that .


I shook my head instead .
“ Look , Brian , no matter where you go , people still look at interracial couples differently . ”


“ That ’s their problem .
What you need to understand is this ; I could n’t care less about the color of our skin .
I like you , I ’ m attracted to you , and I want to know you .
Let go of your inhibitions and take a chance . ”
His voice went cocky .
“ Besides , if all I wanted was sex , you would have been in my bed the night we met . ”


Laughter shot out of me .
“ How do you figure that ?
I left . ”


Brian continued as though I had n’t spoken .
“ If I wanted sex … ”
His voice deepened as he placed his elbows on the table and leaned toward me .
His blue gaze caught me , leaving me speechless .
“ I could have you tonight . ”


My body felt as if it would burst into flames .
It was hard to dispute his comment .


I struggled to regain my senses .
“ You are another cocky , arrogant son of a bitch . ”


“ Cocky , hell yeah , ” He shrugged and sat back again .
“ Arrogant about a few things .
The word you ’re looking for is confident .
You like confidence , remember ? ”
He flashed a devilish smile as the server returned with our meal .


The image of Brian standing half - naked and sweaty in my yard forced its way into my mind .
Annoyed , I pushed at the rice pilaf on my plate .
He was definitely confident .
Knowing what he wanted turned me on .
But that did n’t mean I would land in his bed .


We sat in silence .
Brian cut his steak while I tried to ignore the stares coming at us from across the room .


If I were honest , I liked Brian .
Personality wise , he was different from other guys I ’d dated .
He seemed to be honest and straightforward about what he wanted out of life .
But seeing him again beyond tonight ?
What would be the cost ?


I forced a forkful of food into my mouth .
It was hard to ignore the table of women who watched me .
You would think I had stolen one of their boyfriends .


“ When was the last time you went on a date ? ”
Brian asked as he cut into his baked potato .


“ Since this is not officially a date , I guess Harry would be it . ”


Brian let loose a big laugh .
“ Damn , my feelings just got hurt .
Are you sure you do n’t want to reconsider ?
That way you can change your status from dating an older man to a young one . ”


“ Ha , ha , very funny . ”
I continued to pick at my food .
“ Men try to ask me out all the time .
I tend to avoid their invitations . ”


Brian looked past me .
“ You definitely have the eye of those men over in the corner . ”
He nodded in their direction .


I followed his gaze .
He was right ; I did have their attention , but they scrutinized both of us .
When I turned , Brian stared back at them as intently as they stared at us .
I cleared my throat , drawing his gaze .


“ The problem is men assume I ’ m a model , a video dancer , or a stripper .
A man once offered me money for a private show , ” I said in disgust .
“ My goal is to get my education .
Unfortunately , no one sees beyond my body . ”


“ I do . ”
All laughter had left his voice .


I broke his gaze and played with my rice .
No man had ever said that .
Not even Patrick .


“ What made you come to California to go to school ?
It ’s a long way from home . ”
He turned his attention back to the plate , cutting his steak .


“ U.C.L.A .
They are a good school , plus they ’re near one of the best schools for veterinary medicine . ”
I sampled my rice .


“ I went there , too .
What did you take ? ”


“ Biology . ”
Pride filled me as I watched his eyebrows shoot up in surprise .
“ I graduated with a bachelor ’s degree and am working on my veterinary degree .
This fall will be my final year . ”


“ I ’ m impressed .
How long have you been in school ? ”


“ Seven years .
I start my final classes this fall . ”


“ Damn . ”
He laughed .
“ I did my four years and got out .
Enough was enough . ”
He reached for his water , sipped .
“ That ’s when the band formed .
We were all music majors and started playing our freshmen year .
We ’ve been together ever since . ”


“ When did you graduate ? ”


“ Five years ago . ”


I did a quick calculation .
“ We were there at the same time .
You graduated a year ahead of me . ”


Brian looked up from his plate .
“ Small world , huh ? ”


“ It seems like it . ”


“ I admire your dedication .
It takes discipline to stay in school that long . ”


His statement made me view him differently .
Most guys thought my work was a waste of time .


“ What made you decide to become a vet ? ”
He grabbed his fork and dove into his baked potato with gusto .
The man was serious about his food .


“ My father manages an animal rescue and adoption center .
I spent my weekends and summers helping him .
My first paying job was working at the local animal hospital , cleaning cages and walking dogs . ”
I shrugged .
“ That ’s when I decided what to do with the rest of my life . ”


“ What are your plans after graduation ? ”
He listened in rapt attention .


“ What I really want is to work full - time at the Los Angeles Zoo .
I intern there now , so my foot is in the door .
They ’re going to have a few permanent spots to fill next year .
I want one of them to be mine . ”
Hiding the determination in my voice was impossible .


“ Hmm , passionate about what you want out of life .
What are you doing to make it happen ? ”


I picked up my knife and sliced through my steak like butter .
“ I worked my butt off for the internship .
I also work part - time as a veterinary assistant in an exotic animal hospital .
Anything I could do to build my résumé , believe me , I ’ve done it . ”


“ What about grades ? ”


My attention diverted from my food .
Most guys would have begun talking about themselves by now .


“ I maintained a three - point - nine GPA for the last five years . ”


“ Now I ’ m really impressed . ”
He smiled his approval .


Hearing Brian ’s praise was refreshing and unnerving .
No one besides my family and friends ever took my passion for my profession seriously .
He knew nothing about me , yet seemed genuinely pleased .


I cut another piece of my steak ; it was the best I ’d ever eaten .
Then again , maybe it was the company that made it better .
“ My turn . ”


“ Ask away . ”


“ What type of women have you dated ?
What ’s different about me ?
And you have to be honest . ”


Brian wiped his mouth with his napkin and sat back , a look of satisfaction on his face .
His plate was empty .


“ I have no problem with honesty . ”
He paused .
“ I have n’t dated in a year . ”


I eyed him suspiciously .
“ Women at the club practically threw themselves at you . ”


He shrugged , nonchalant .
“ If you mean dated as in having a steady relationship , then it ’s been a year .
If you mean when I last had sex , then two weeks would be right . ”


Hearing him say the word again made me warm in all the right places .


“ Ah , you ’re one of those types . ”
I nodded in understanding while trying not to imagine him naked .


“ What type ? ”


“ A guy with a phone full of numbers for girls to hook up with . ”


Brian shrugged .
“ I used to , but right now I ’ve got other things taking up my time . ”


“ You mean you do n’t have anyone you spend time with ?
No friends - with - benefits ?
I do n’t believe you . ”


Oh crap , the words just flew out of my mouth .
What was I thinking ?
Who he did in his spare time was none of my business .


“ No , the position is empty .
Are you interested ? ”
A sly grin appeared on his face .


I laughed .
“ I ’ve never understood how people can have sex with someone and not be in a relationship of any kind .
Yasmine does it all the time .
Why is everything about sex ?
What about friendship or love ?
You have to relate to a person in order to truly enjoy sex . ”


Brian laughed .
“ Ebony , when you break it down , everything is about sex .
It ’s human nature . ”


“ No , it is n’t , ” I protested .
“ Not for me . ”


“ So what you ’re saying is you ’re not interested in hooking up from time to time ; you ’re looking for a permanent relationship . ”


Uh - oh , this conversation had strayed way off track .
My efforts to dig out of it only made it worse .


“ Well , no .
I ’ m not looking for anything .
What I meant to say is … ”


His eyebrows knitted together .
“ Then answer this .
Why am I not your type ? ”


How in the hell did I answer without sounding like an idiot ?
I glanced up and saw Brian patiently waiting for a reply .


“ I have a certain preference , that ’s all . ”


“ Uh huh .
Is it racial or physical ? ”
Before I could answer , he said , “ I saw you checking Derrick out .
He ’s engaged by the way . ”


“ Who ’s Derrick ? ”


“ He ’s the drummer .
So it ’s safe to assume since he ’s built like a linebacker , that ’s what you want . ”


I wanted to open my mouth , but could n’t .


Brian cocked his head to the side .
“ Hmm , no response .
I must be right .
Unless , ” he held up a finger , “ it ’s about me being white .
What ’s the matter , you do n’t think I could please you in bed ? ”


I could not answer any of his questions .
Any reply would leave me sounding like a jackass or racist ; I was neither .


“ Brian , I ’ m not like that .
If I went to bed with you , it would be because I like you .
I ’ m not basing anything on stereotypes or ignorant thinking .
When I sleep with a man , I have certain requirements . ”


One of his eyebrows lifted .
“ What requirements ? ”


“ Monogamy .
No long - term commitment required , just …
I do n’t want to wonder if you ’re with someone else when you ’re not with me . ”


“ I can handle that . ”
Brian ’s expression had gone serious .


Oh , man .
I felt my eyes widen and skin flush .


“ But since you ’ve made it obvious sex is not an option , I ’ m willing to settle on being friends , ” he added .


Our server walked by and placed the check on the table .
I reached for my purse just as Brian dug into his wallet .


“ You do n’t have to — ”


“ I ’ve got this .
You can pay for dinner the next time we go out if it makes you happy . ”


I scoffed .
“ Who said there would be a next time ? ”


Brian placed his credit card on the tray with the bill and handed it to our server .
He waited until he walked away to reply .
“ Because , Ebony , you like me .
We can be friends and still go out .
We ’ll just leave out sex . ”


We stared at each other .
His smile was halfcocked , eyes intent on mine .
Even though he did n’t speak , the unspoken words , _for now_ , echoed in my head .


* Chapter 7 Chapter 7 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 7


_ * * Brian * * _


_Beep . Beep . Beep . _


I growled and slapped the alarm clock .
The image of Ebony naked dissipated .
So much for my fantasy .


I rolled out of bed , grabbed the remote , and turned on the morning news .
Damn , another forest fire .
The smoke mixed with smog would wreak havoc on my bronchitis , which in turn hurt my wallet .
At least there was an alternate stream of revenue .


Taking the day off was not in my vocabulary .
I had too much stored up energy .
Since there was no woman in my bed , it was time to get moving .


I showered , then grabbed my day planner to reschedule my customers .
Two hundred dollars was now out of reach .
I spied the huge red circle on my calendar .
Rent was due this week .
At least I had earned my part .


Times like this made me wish my father was like Javan ’s .
Doctor Simmons was a psychiatrist who sent money anytime his son asked for it .
He ’d been doing it since we were in college .
It had been cool when Javan helped me out when my funds ran low .
It was one reason why I rented a house with him .
His father would always have his back .
We were adults now , careers established , and Javan made good money .
It was way past time for him to quit relying on his father .


My attention went to the next red circle ; the deadline for purchasing my guitar neared .
The money I spent on the date with Ebony set me back , but it was well worth it .
Just thinking of her made me smile .
Yeah , I ’d definitely do it again .


In the meantime , I needed to make money .
Several people had asked for private guitar lessons , but my busy schedule did n’t allow time for teaching .
The smog alert for the next few days gave me time to spare .


After scheduling two students for lessons in the evening , I grabbed my guitar and sheet music to work on the song I composed for the band .


An hour later my roommate knocked on my door .
I put the guitar pick in between my teeth and made a notation on my sheet music .
“ What ’s up ? ”


Javan leaned against the doorjamb .
“ You got a minute ? ”


“ Sure . ”
I set the guitar in its stand and reached for my bottle of water .


“ Did Yasmine Phillips call you about her yard ? ”


“ Yeah , on Monday .
She was n’t there , but her roommate was . ”


“ Oh , yeah ?
Which one ? ”


“ Ebony . ”


Javan whistled .
“ Man , did you check her out ?
She is fine .
I mean , with her body …
I ’d love to hit that .
Yasmine ’s my girl , but we ’re not exclusive .
She is n’t looking for a commitment , just a good time , you know what I mean ? ”
He paused , eyebrows furrowed in thought .
“ Hmm … if Ebony is like that … ”
His eyes lit up .
“ Damn , that would be one helluva threesome . ”


It took everything to control my mouth .
I could understand why Ebony felt uncomfortable around him .
He would n’t care that she ’s an intelligent woman , because he ’d be unable to see past her shapely behind .


“ She ’s not a _ho_ , J . ”
I twisted the cap back on the empty bottle with a vengeance and pitched it into the garbage .


We had occasional testosterone - based disagreements , but we always worked through them .
But when it came to the treatment of women , we ’d long since agreed to disagree .


Javan believed women were good for three things : satisfying his sexual needs , cooking , and bearing his children .
Nothing more , nothing less .


The only thing similar about us was our height .
Both six - two , though he had a good twenty pounds of muscle on me .
Women loved his dark brown skin , hazel eyes , and shoulder - length dreads .
He visited the barbershop weekly to keep his goatee trimmed and kept a Jamaican beautician on call to keep his hair done just right .
Of course , she was also one of his hook - ups .


When it came to clothes , Javan was strictly GQ , everything top of the line .
He was so stuck on himself it surprised me we got along .


If Ebony ’s roommate liked casual sex , she and Javan were a perfect match .


The pretty boy façade was not me .
I worked outside , not in an air - conditioned office .
I sweated and got dirty , but still took pride in my appearance .
My style of dress was casual , laid back .
My closet housed jeans , shorts , pullovers , and polo - styled shirts .
I kept my face clean - shaven , most of the time , no beard or goatee .
Sometimes I let my hair grow until it curled at the nape of my neck .
Ladies loved running their fingers through it .


Javan looked at me with raised eyebrows .
“ What do you know about Ebony ? ”


“ I took her out Tuesday .
She ’s nothing like one of your girls , J . Do n’t even think about it . ”


He stared at me silently , meeting my hard gaze with one of his own .


“ She ’s off limits . ”


“ You ’ve got a thing for her .
So it ’s like that ? ”


“ With her , it ’s definitely like that . ”


He inclined his head .
“ Did n’t you get over dating black women after what happened with , what ’s her name ? ”
He snapped his fingers .


“ Trina , ” I said sourly .


“ Trina , yeah . ”
He shook his head .
“ So you ’re ready to try again .
You ’ve got balls , man . ”
He held out a knuckled hand to bump fists .
“ Just watch your back this time . ”


“ Believe me , I will .
There ’s something about her .
I ca n’t put my finger on it , but it ’ll be different with her .
I can feel it . ”


“ Good luck .
So , do you have your half of the rent ? ”


I reached into my nightstand and pulled out a wad of twenties bound together in a rubber band .
“ Here , count it . ”


“ I trust you . ”
He stuffed the roll into his sports jacket pocket .
“ What do you have planned this evening ? ”


I glanced at the clock .
“ I have an hour left of practice before heading out for a private lesson .
Tonight ’s band practice .
How about you ? ”


“ Damn , you always have that guitar in your hand .
Is it in bed when you … ”
He made an obscene gesture with his hand .


I chuckled .
“ You ’re an idiot . ”


He lifted his hands .
“ Hey , I wonder sometimes . ”


“ It takes work to make the big bucks . ”
I reached for the guitar .


He shook his head .
“ To each his own .
Tonight I ’ll be in bed with Yasmine , an insatiable woman while you … ”
Javan pointed at my guitar and laughed before disappearing down the hallway .


“ Whatever , man . ”
I grinned and got back to work .


* Chapter 8 Chapter 8 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 8


_ * * Ebony * * _


The forest fire subsided , leaving the air breathable enough for families to spend Saturday outdoors .


I loved days like this .
My usual work assignment kept me behind the scenes cleaning cages or assisting the veterinarians with routine checkups .
Today , I worked in the children ’s petting zoo .
Watching children run along the gated area , their faces lit up with excitement , reminded me of my love for animals when I was younger .


The petting zoo offered tame animals that were free to roam during the day .
At night , they were housed in stalls .
My responsibilities included keeping the troughs full of food and water , and making sure the walking areas were free of waste .
The job was n’t glamorous , but I would n’t trade it for anything .


I held my breath , scooped up a large pile of dung , and walked it across the yard to the compost pile .


“ I do n’t wanna touch it ! ”


“ Cody , stop being a baby . ”


“ I ’ m not a baby ! ”


A little boy stood , his arms crossed and bottom lip poked out .
He appeared to be at least six years old .
He directed his hazel eyes at an older girl with long blond ponytails .
She returned his pouty stare with a glare .


I set my shovel down .
“ Hi , my name is Ebony .
What ’s going on ? ”


“ Cody ’s being a scaredy cat .
He wo n’t touch the goat , ” said the blue - eyed girl .


“ I ’ m not a scaredy cat , ” he whined .
“ It ’s gonna bite me . ”


“ See ? ”
Cody ’s sister threw her hands up in exasperation .


I smiled warmly , keeping the laugh inside .
“ The goats do n’t bite .
I ’ll show you how to touch them , okay ? ”


He nodded , wiping at the corners of his eyes .


I held his hand and walked over to a goat in the pen .


“ This is Delilah .
She ’s very friendly and wo n’t bite . ”


His eyes widened , filled with disbelief .


“ I promise it ’s okay .
Start petting her here . ”
I demonstrated by running my hand over her rump .
“ Do n’t pull her tail , though .
When you ’re ready , you can rub here . ”
I ran my hand over her back .


Cody joined in with his free hand , hesitant at first , while gripping my hand tightly .
He relaxed and an excited smile spread across his face .


His sister , on the other hand , stood with her arms crossed , refusing to touch the animal .
“ Touching is for babies . ”


“ You know , you ’re right .
Why do n’t you try this ? ”
I released Cody ’s hand and pulled hay from the trough .
To her delight , Delilah ate from my hand .
“ What ’s your name ? ”


“ Hannah . ”


I squatted and held out a bunch of hay .
“ Here , Hannah , hold it steady so she ’ll come to you . ”


Hannah followed my instructions , but her hand trembled .
Delilah turned to consume it .


“ Wow , ” Hannah said in a small voice .


“ Uncle Brian , Uncle Brian , look at me ! ”
Cody yelled , jumping with excitement .


I laughed at his enthusiasm and followed his line of sight .
My mouth fell open in surprise .


Brian walked toward me with a confident swag .
“ Looks like we meet again . ”
He stood with his hands in his pockets and a sexy half - smile on his face .
A red T - shirt , shorts , and sandals fit him perfectly .
“ What are the chances ? ”


Even though he ’d cleaned up nice the evening we went out , he was just as attractive now .
I wiped my hands on my pants and stood .
“ Uncle Brian , huh ? ”


“ Yeah , these are my sister Lisa ’s kids .
They wanted to come to the zoo .
Their parents needed a day to themselves so , ” he shrugged , “ I volunteered . ”


Giggles erupted from the kids as they exchanged glances but stopped when he cleared his throat .


“ Really . ”
For some reason I found that excuse hard to believe .
“ Cody , keep rubbing her that way .
You ’ll be fine . ”
I grabbed my shovel and moved toward a newly released pile of dung as I shot him a look over my shoulder .


Brian followed closely , wrinkling his nose .
“ Wow , this looks fun . ”


“ Shoveling crap ?
It comes in all forms . ”
I threw the dung into a pile .


“ Ouch ! ”
He chuckled .
“ Okay , the truth is I hoped to run into you . ”


I faced him , stabbed the shovel into the ground , and leaned on it .
“ It ’s a big place , Brian .
Your chances were slim .
I ’ m usually behind the scenes . ”


“ Guess today was my lucky day . ”


When it came to finding me , Brian never seemed to run out of luck .


I could n’t help but smile .
“ Okay …
Now what ? ”


“ What are you doing tomorrow ? ”


I shook my head .
“ Brian , I ’ m not going out with you . ”


“ I did n’t ask you out .
I just want to know what you have planned . ”
He tried his best to be charming and innocent at the same time .


“ Am I supposed to believe that ? ”
I forced my smile to stay hidden .


“ I swear my intentions are pure .
If you ’re free , I ’ m going to the amusement park at the pier .
It would be fun to ride the Ferris wheel , grab a funnel cake … talk while watching the tide come in .
It ’ll be nothing more than just two friends meeting to hang out . ”


I eyed him skeptically .
“ And it would n’t be considered a date ? ”


“ Not if we meet there . ”


“ We did that last week , and you considered it a date . ”


“ That was at night .
This is during the day . ”


I laughed at his reasoning .
He seemed to make a habit of making things work to his advantage .


“ It sounds nice , but I do n’t think so .
I need to study . ”


Even though school was n’t starting for two months , I had borrowed books to read .
Between my friends talking me into going out , spending the evening with Brian , and work , I had n’t studied in days .


The glow in Brian ’s eyes fizzled .
And great , now I felt guilty .
Although he seemed disappointed , his smile remained genuine .


“ That ’s too bad .
Well , if you change your mind , I ’ m going around three o’ clock .
You ’ve got my number .
Text me , and I ’ll meet you at the gate . ”
He looked over his shoulder .
“ Hannah , Cody , let ’s go .
There ’s a lot to see before we eat lunch . ”


Cody ran to his side .
“ Can we eat at McDonald ’s ? ”


Brian ruffled his hair .
“ Sure thing , kid .
Did you guys thank Ebony ? ”


Both blond heads turned .
“ Thank you , ” they sang in unison .


“ You ’re welcome .
Have a good time . ”
I waved at them as they left the petting area .


They ’d walked a few feet when Hannah ’s voice floated over .
“ You were right , she ’s very pretty . ”


“ I did what you said , Uncle Brian , can I still get cotton candy ? ”


I shook my head and laughed .
Sneaky bastard .


Brian peered back over his shoulder , a sheepish grin on his face as he grabbed Cody in a headlock .
“ Kids , gotta love ’ em . ”


“ You talk too much , Cody , ” Hannah said .


* Chapter 9 Chapter 9 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 9


_ * * Ebony * * _


My Sunday morning routine started with yoga , followed by breakfast and a shower .
My body loose and mind free , I was prepared to study .
Dr .
Jacobs had n’t asked for his books back since our run - in .
But it did n’t mean he would n’t change his mind .
His books held invaluable information , which would make my last year in school easy .
Especially since he ’d been generous enough to give me copies of his notes on each chapter .


Determined to make the best use of my time , I settled in at my desk to read .


Forty - five minutes later , I realized I ’d read the same page five times .
I closed the book , rubbed my eyes , and massaged my neck .
Ten minutes later , I tried again .


No matter how hard I tried , I could n’t concentrate on the words on the page .


I went downstairs to grab a bottle of water from the kitchen .
The house was empty .
Both Yasmine and Kaitlyn were on dates , which left me home alone .
Water in hand , I walked onto the back patio and surveyed the lawn .
Brian and his crew did a great job .
Thinking of that day brought back the memory of watching him hard at work without a shirt .
Tiny shivers ran along my skin .
Whether or not he cut our grass again , the image would remain imprinted on my mind for months .


I shielded my eyes and peered up at the cloudless sky .
Another typical California day .
The heat was bearable , nowhere as intense as it was back home .
It was the perfect day to be outside doing something fun .


Like riding the Ferris wheel with a friend .


Brian ’s invitation tempted me .
His confident eyes and picture - perfect smile were hard to forget .
Hanging out with him for the day would be more fun than sitting around the house continuing to read a book I could not focus on .


A day spent with no strings , no commitment , no expectations , and no sex .
Just two adults enjoying each other ’s company in a public setting .
After all , in order to become friends , you needed to spend time together .


He ’d be there .
I ’d show up .
That was it .


I headed upstairs , grabbed my phone , and sent him a text message .
Deciding what to wear should not have been hard , yet I found myself unable to decide on shorts or jeans .
I did n’t want to wear the same thing twice .


Five minutes passed with no reply .
Could he have changed his mind about going ?
Or worse , found someone else willing to jump at the opportunity to spend the afternoon with him ?
Maybe I should n’t have waited to decide .


I grabbed my phone and flopped onto the bed , unable to ignore a pang of disappointment .
I was about to send a message to cancel when my phone chimed .


_glad u changed ur mind . c u there_ .


An unexpected feeling of warmth spread through me from head to toe .


* Chapter 10 Chapter 10 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 10


_ * * Brian * * _


_c u n 5_


No , I was n’t dreaming .
She was actually here .


When Ebony refused my invitation , I scrapped the idea of going to the pier and dedicated the day to practice .
My phone had been set on vibrate in order to avoid distractions .
I did n’t see her message until I stopped to take a break .


And now , I waited with tickets in hand , unable to shake the nervous feeling in my stomach .
I had n’t felt like this the night we went out .
But today was different .
It was n’t coercion that brought her here .
She wanted to see me .


I surveyed the crowd as groups walked by on their way inside the park for a day of fun .


And then , there she was .


How did she do it ?
Never had I seen a woman manage to be so beautiful , so sexy , and fun at the same time .


A deep purple shirt stopped at her midriff , drawing my eyes to the sexy flat plane of her caramel skin .
Black fitted shorts hugged her hips and stopped mid - thigh like a second skin .
Long , shapely legs ended in sandals with strings wrapping up her sexy calves .
She wore her auburn hair away from her neck and face leaving her throat visible .
I could imagine my mouth there , kissing her , whispering in her ear as my hands ran around the smooth expanse of her exposed flesh .
My fingers ached , longing to slide along her narrow waist .


And then our eyes met .
Her eyes seemed to sparkle as luscious lips pulled up in a sexy smile .


God , I wanted to kiss her .


“ You look good , ” I blurted the moment she got close enough to hear .


“ Thanks . ”
She tucked her hands into the pockets of her shorts .
“ So do you . ”


I looked down at my clothes .
They were nothing special .
“ I try . ”
I nodded toward the entrance .
“ Ready for some fun ? ”


We headed into the park , taking in the sights , in no hurry to decide what to ride first .
The lines were long , which allowed plenty of time to chat about our jobs , likes , and dislikes .


Several hours later we had ridden nearly every ride in the park .
It was time to take a break .
We found a stand selling funnel cakes .
Our snack in hand , we searched out a spot on the boardwalk to enjoy the sweet treat .


“ Oh , man , I ca n’t remember the last time I ate one of these . ”
She licked the powdered sugar off her fingertips .
“ I take that back , it was my senior year in high school .
My sister took me and my twin to the fair to celebrate our birthday . ”


“ You have a twin ? ”


Ebony nodded .
“ Yes , my brother , Trevon .
He lives in Atlanta and co - manages an Applebee ’s .
My sister , Lashana , and her husband , live in Charlotte along with their daughter and my parents . ”
Her eyes lit up at the mention of her family .
“ My niece , Mia , is the most beautiful thing I ’ve ever seen . ”


“ Do you and your brother look alike ? ”


“ Oh , God , no .
We ’re fraternal twins . ”
A mischievous expression lit her eyes .
“ I always tell people he ’s my younger brother . ”


I laughed .
“ Your younger brother ? ”


“ We are , except I ’ m the oldest .
I was born five minutes before him , so we call him the baby . ”
She laughed .
“ It pisses him off all the time . ”


“ Are you close to your family ? ”
I bit my cake , savoring the powdered sugar and melted chocolate chips .
I ’d given up using my fork and went straight at it with my fingers .


Ebony giggled .
“ You ’ve got sugar on your nose .
I ’ll get it . ”


My hands were full holding the plate and the funnel cake .


I focused on her tantalizing lips as she leaned closer , concentrating on the cleanup .
As great as the funnel cake smelled with its various toppings , nothing compared to her exotic perfume .
She wore the same fragrance as the night we ’d danced .
It was sensual and sexy , yet sweet at the same time .
It reminded me of caramel and cream .
I wondered if her skin would taste the same way .


“ Thanks , ” I said when she pulled back .


“ You ’re welcome . ”


Our eyes held before she cleared her throat and looked away .


“ My family is pretty tight .
Trevon and I are close , but not just because we ’re twins .
It ’s because … ”
She giggled .
“ I ’ m a tomboy at heart .
Dressing up used to be a pain as much as playing with dolls .
My sister did all the girly stuff .
I used to run away from her to play with Tre and his friends . ”


“ You were a tomboy ? ”
I licked chocolate off my fingers .
It was hard to imagine her running away from the dress she ’d worn the night we met .
“ You ’re kidding right ?
There ’s nothing about you that says tomboy . ”
I allowed my eyes to linger on her legs .
When I looked back up , Ebony ’s cheeks sported a pink glow .


“ I hated dresses .
My favorite outfit was a pair of jeans and a T - shirt . ”


I could imagine Ebony in pigtails and jeans .


“ My mom hated it though .
Lashana did everything feminine .
Fingernails always painted , hair always done .
She never left the house without looking perfect . ”
Ebony shook her head .
“ For fun , she ’d tell my mother Tre ’s friends were making me play hospital , and I was the patient .
Mom freaked out about me playing with a bunch of boys .
She would make me stay inside all day with Lashana . ”


I howled with laughter .


Ebony ’s expression feigned irritation .


“ What did you play ? ”


“ Fashion show . ”
Her button - shaped nose wrinkled at the memory .
I continued to laugh , but toned it down .


“ That annoyed the hell out of me .
My brother would be outside playing _Star Wars_ , while I got stuck inside wearing a stinking dress . ”


“ Let me guess , you wanted to be Queen Amidala . ”


“ Nope .
I was the doctor who worked on the Wookie . ”
She grinned .


“ An animal lover all the way , huh ? ”


“ Oh yeah . ”
She cut her way through strawberries and whipped cream with a fork .


“ When did you turn into a sexy vixen ? ”


Ebony rolled her eyes .
“ I ’ m still a tomboy .
I just know how to attract the opposite sex . ”


I allowed myself to appreciate the voluptuous curves of her body .
Yeah , she definitely knew how to attract .


“ Did you have a lot of boyfriends in school ? ”


“ A few , but not like my sister .
Every guy in school wanted her .
She ’s prettier than me . ”


“ That ’s not possible . ”


Ebony ’s gaze turned to me .
“ You ’re kidding , right ? ”


Was she serious ?
“ Ebony , you are a beautiful woman .
It does n’t matter what you wear by the way , because I ’ve seen you as sexy as you want to be and in your work clothes . ”


“ Brian , you have a great sense of humor . ”


To my surprise , she was n’t being sarcastic .
Was it possible she was actually insecure ?
With a body built for sin , how could she not know how attractive she was ?


“ Did you look into the mirror before you left home ? ”


She squirmed .
“ Of course I did . ”


“ Then you should know why men look at you the way they do . ”
I hoped she knew my words were coming from my heart .


Ebony broke the connection .


“ You ’re the first guy who has n’t asked to see a picture of my sister . ”
A half - laugh followed .


What kind of man would ask to see a picture of her sister ?


“ They were assholes . ”


A bashful smile spread across her lovely face .


“ How many assholes have you dated ? ”


“ I broke up with the last one six months ago . ”


“ Why ? ”
I prompted .


“ Both of us had hectic schedules .
We rarely saw each other except for … ”
She laughed .
“ You know . ”


Man , did I .
If I had the chance , I ’d spend every waking moment naked with her body wrapped around me .


“ After a few months , we realized we did n’t want the same things .
He ended up wanting something I could n’t give him .
The last I heard , he had gotten engaged . ”


“ Wow . ”
Lucky me .


“ The messed up part was , my mom found out I dated a doctor and damn near started planning the wedding . ”


“ How long did you date ? ”


“ Eight months .
If you count time spent getting to know each other and did n’t involve sex … four months . ”
She sighed .
“ In my mom ’s eyes , he made the perfect match .
Smart , handsome , career - oriented , educated … black . ”


I sat the remnants of my funnel cake aside and wiped my hands on a napkin .
“ What do you want , Ebony ? ”


Her eyebrows furrowed as her gaze shifted to her plate .
“ What do you mean ? ”


“ What do you want ?
Good looking , intelligent , educated .
Easy .
But does he have to be black ? ”


Shocked , her eyes widened as her attention came back to me .
She studied me for a moment , obviously processing the question before looking away .
“ When my family says ‘ a young black man is what you need ’ … ”


“ Ebony . ”
I waited to get her full attention .
“ Is that what you want ?
Ca n’t you have those things regardless of what package it comes in ? ”


_Could you find it with me ? _
The words burned in the back of my throat .
I did my best to communicate it with my eyes .


“ I do n’t know , ” she said softly , but her gaze did n’t falter .


At least she did n’t say _no_ .
Her saying _ “ I do n’t know ” _ was more like saying , _ “ I ’ m open to trying something new . ” _
I could work with that .


We sat in silence while she finished her funnel cake .
When she was done , I decided to lighten the mood .


“ Have you ever been rollerblading ? ”


She laughed .
“ Not since high school . ”


I stood and extended my hand .
“ Come on , let ’s give it a try . ”


She hesitated .
“ Are you serious ? ”


“ Yes . ”


“ I will probably fall flat on my ass , ” she warned as she stood .


I made a show of looking at her lovely ass .
“ I think you ’ll be okay .
Besides , I ’ll catch you . ”


Ebony choked out a laugh .


“ Come on , we ’ll wear knee pads and helmets .
It ’ll be fun . ”


Twenty minutes later , we found a skate rental shop , padded up , and were ready to go .
She asked the cashier to take a picture of us with her cell phone .
She called it the _before_ picture .
For some reason , she felt we ’d end up covered in grass stains and bloodied knees .


I had my fair share of sports related injuries over the years .
I ’d done everything from rollerblading to trick bicycle riding .
My true passion was surfing .


Staring out into the distance , I wondered if she would be willing to give it a try .
Maybe not , but the idea of her in a bikini sent my imagination running wild .


We reached the boardwalk and struggled to find an area where skaters and bicycle riders were n’t clogging up the space .
It took a few minutes for Ebony to gain her balance .
After many attempts , she laughed , a look of pure happiness on her face .


“ Let me help . ”
I slipped a hand around her bare waist .
Her skin was unbelievably soft .
The scent of strawberries and whipped cream from her funnel cake mixed with her perfume made it hard to keep my focus .


“ Do n’t let me fall , Brian . ”


“ If you fall , I ’ll protect you . ”


She did n’t seem reassured , but she took my hand and held on tight .
“ Believe me ; if I go down , I ’ m taking you with me . ”


“ Deal . ”


Once she found her balance , I moved in front of her .
Ebony kept her knees bent and skates pointed straight while I pulled her along , skating backward doing all the work until she got comfortable .


We started slowly , navigating our way down the boardwalk staying out of the way of the more experienced skaters , bike riders , and skate boarders .
I continued to glance over my shoulder , making sure our path was clear .


The happiness on Ebony ’s face was a memory I would never forget .
Her eyes were full of laughter .
She smiled the entire time , and never once did she loosen the grip on my hands .
No matter how hard her grip , the connection was what I savored .


We traveled a good distance away from the skate shop .
I mentioned it to Ebony , and she looked over her shoulder .


A dog ran by chasing a Frisbee .
The dog ’s sudden appearance surprised Ebony who instantly moved her feet .
Our skates tangled .
Everything moved in slow motion as I started to fall , allowing me to live up to my promise to protect her body .


“ Oh , no , Brian , are you okay ? ”


Sprawled out on my back , I closed my eyes , taking a moment to evaluate the situation .
I could still feel my toes and fingers .
My head was okay , thanks to the helmet .


My butt , on the other hand , was a problem .


An unexpected weight rested on my chest .
I opened my eyes to the most beautiful sight : Ebony on top of me , staring into my eyes .
Strange , I had n’t noticed the light flecks of gold in her brown irises .
Her lips were inches away from mine .
My first thought was to feign unconsciousness so she ’d perform CPR .


“ I ’ m sorry ! ”
She fiddled with the straps of my helmet while I groaned .
“ That dog ran by … oh , man .
Where does it hurt ? ”


She sat up , straddled me , felt the back of my head , and then ran her fingers over my chest .
Since her hand came away free of blood , I assumed I would n’t die today .
She shifted her weight and ran her hands down my legs .
The pain was worth having her hands on me .
The feeling ignited my body .
It would n’t be long before the growing bulge in my pants became visible .


“ Why do n’t they make butt pads ? ”
I struggled to sit up .
“ I ’ m okay . ”


Ebony aided me in the movement , genuine worry in her eyes .
In the end , we were sitting facing each other .


“ Are you sure nothing ’s broken ? ”


“ Yeah . ”
I massaged my neck and rolled my shoulders .
I would pay for this in the morning .


Ebony removed her helmet .
Her hair was a mess , but it looked good .
She reached to release the curly locks from the ponytail holder , allowing them to settle on her shoulders .


Once our eyes met , she bit her lip .
Her eyebrows shot up as she stifled a laugh .
I grinned , which caused her laughter to burst out and me to join in .
We looked like idiots .


Ebony wiped tears from the corners of her eyes .
She was beautiful .
Unable to resist , I ran my fingers through the free strands of her hair .
She did n’t pull away .
I indulged , brushing my fingers along her cheek , and tucked the hair behind her ear .


It felt like silk .
As my fingers grazed her cheek again , her laughter slowed .
Her eyes focused on me with just a hint of a question .
Her lips parted , sending what I hoped was a silent invitation .


I was aware of the people veering around us as they rushed by .
The sound of the ocean , laughter , and dogs barking were no longer the focus of my attention though .
Nothing else mattered .
No longer thinking , I did what came naturally .
My finger rested beneath her jaw as I leaned in to kiss her .


I pressed my lips lightly against hers , inviting her to return the kiss , silently praying for permission for more .
Her body tensed beneath my fingertips , so I stopped myself from taking more .
But it was too late ; I ’d crossed the line .


After a day spent talking , laughing , and getting to know each other , it all came down to this kiss .


Ebony did n’t pull away , so I kissed her again .


I was about to give up hope and deal with the consequences when her lips came to life .


For a moment , I thought I imagined it .
But then she did it again .
The warm slide as her lips pressed harder against mine .


I did n’t hesitate .
I opened my mouth wider , slipping the tip of my tongue in and tasted … strawberries .
Her hand came up and slid into the hair at the nape of my neck .
If it were up to me , the kiss would never end .
But this was neither the time nor the place to explore the softness of her lips .


Ebony moaned when I pulled away .


“ We ’d better get up before we get run over , ” I whispered , my voice thick with longing .


She said nothing , only nodded .
I stood first and pulled her back to her feet .
We rolled over to the nearest bench and removed our skates .


After wanting to kiss Ebony hours earlier , I had no idea I would be able to do it .
She had n’t said a word , and I did n’t know what to expect next .
So I stood , holding my skates , and extended a hand .
She took it willingly , and a smile played over her lips .
Curiosity filled her eyes .


We strolled back to the skate shop hand in hand .


* Chapter 11 Chapter 11 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 11


_ * * Brian * * _


The day had been long .
With thirty minutes until Ebony was supposed to call , I checked the volume of the ringer on my cell phone for the tenth time .
A driver ’s blaring horn alerted me that the traffic light had turned green .
I grimaced and set my cell phone in the cup holder .


Dealing with Peter and Dylan had put me behind schedule .
My cousins were anxious to impress some girls they ’d just met .
Not wanting to disrupt their savings , they hit me up for money .
I did n’t have a problem helping out if there was a dire need .
However , after hearing their plans , I refused to give in .
Both wanted fifty dollars .
They were crazy .


When the dust settled , I ’d given them twenty - five dollars apiece along with suggestions on how to go out without spending a lot of cash and still have fun .


“ Be creative , ” I ’d told them .
“ Do something most guys would n’t do .
If they really like you , it wo n’t matter how much money you spend .
If not , chalk it up to a lesson learned . ”
They did n’t like hearing it , but I knew from experience .


On the highway heading for home , I winced while rolling my shoulders .
My back still ached from the tumble onto the concrete with Ebony .
The memory of our afternoon at the beach and the kiss we shared put a smile on my face .
That opportunity was worth falling on my ass .
When the evening ended , we walked to her car and kissed again .
She ’d been a willing participant , exploring my mouth as eagerly as I ’d explored hers .
We promised to talk the next day .


That had been a week ago .


The start of the week found us both busy .
Ebony ’s schedule at the zoo changed to longer work hours and interfered with her part - time job .


After being unable to work for two days and falling behind with my customers , my phone rang off the hook .
On top of that , I had practice .
_Diverse Nation_ played three nights a week , and every show was different .


The minute traffic stopped again , I grabbed my phone .
We were playing phone tag , leaving voicemails or sending text messages when we found the time .
I listened to the last message she ’d left again .
Her sexiness even came through the phone .


She said she ’d call after seven .
Come hell or high water I would be available .


My phone rang .
A check of the caller ID made me smile .


“ Hi , Mom . ”


“ Are you home yet ? ”


“ No , and before you ask , I have n’t eaten dinner yet , but … ”
I glanced at the restaurants on the strip .
“ I ’ m pulling in for some barbeque now . ”
No matter how old I got , she would always view me as her little boy .
Then again , out of five kids , I was the youngest and the only boy .


“ That ’s better than eating a hamburger .
What you need to do is find a young woman to take care of you .
When do you plan to settle down ?
I want more grandkids running around my house . ”


“ Whoa . ”
I laughed .
“ First of all , I ’ve got some things to accomplish before I ’ m ready for a commitment .
Second , you ’ve already got five grandkids . ”


“ And I love all of them .
But you and Bridget owe me .
I do n’t know what your sister ’s problem is .
But you , my son , need a wife .
You should come home from a hard day at work and have a homemade meal on the table , not fast - food . ”


“ Mom , I ’ m capable of taking care of myself .
Besides … ”
I put the truck in park and climbed out .
“ I ca n’t afford a wife or kids right now .
That ’s a long way off . ”


She sighed , her disappointment obvious through the phone .
“ Well , at least you need someone to keep you happy .
I hate that things did n’t work out with you and the last young lady you were seeing . ”


“ Yeah , well … life goes on . ”


“ Are you seeing someone now ? ”


Damn , she was in full nosey - mom mode .


“ I ’ m working on it , ” I mumbled while studying the restaurant menu .
“ Look , Mom , I ’ve got to go ; it ’s almost my turn to place my order . ”


“ Okay .
Do n’t forget about the Fourth of July barbecue at the house .
What can you bring ? ”


“ Beer , as always . ”
She knew not to ask me to cook .


“ Do n’t forget soda , juice boxes for the kids — ”


“ And ice , ” we said in unison .


“ I got it , Mom .
Gotta go . ”


“ Okay .
Why do n’t you bring the young lady you ’re seeing ? ”


“ Who said I was seeing anybody ? ”


“ I know my son .
You ’re too handsome to be sitting around all alone .
If she ’s important , you will .
Do n’t forget , next Saturday .
Your dad ’s firing up the grill at twelve .
Everyone should start arriving no later than two . ”


“ I ’ll be there . ”


My mother always seemed to know what went on in my life .
Sometimes I wondered if she were psychic .


I placed my order and then sat at a vacant table to wait .
Inviting Ebony to go with me to meet my family was n’t such a bad idea .
My family would welcome her with open arms .
Race had never been an issue in the Young household .
Besides , Ebony would n’t be the first black woman to come home with me .


Soon , I was back in my truck and heading for my house .
The delicious aroma of my meal made my mouth water .
I ’d reached my driveway when my phone rang .
It was seven o’ clock on the dot .


“ Hey , beautiful . ”


“ Brian , I was beginning to believe we ’d never talk again , ” Ebony said .


“ Me , too .
I ’ m all yours . ”
I climbed out of the truck , dinner in hand .


“ And you ’ve got me . ”


Hearing her voice made me want to kiss her again .
“ How was your day ? ”


“ Same old thing , sick dogs and picky cats .
Personally , I prefer the zoo .
The animals there are more interesting . ”


“ I ’ll bet . ”
I pictured her scraping goat dung with a shovel .


“ How was yours ? ” she asked .


“ Long , hot — ” Her laugh made me pause .
“ What ’s so funny ? ”


“ Nothing , just … never mind .
Go ahead .
Long and … ”
She continued to giggle .


“ Tiring . ”
Then it dawned on me .
“ Where is your head ? ”


Another round of sexy laughter bubbled through the phone .
After putting my key in the front door , I paused .
The urge to see her again made me consider climbing back in my truck with my plate and going to her place .


“ You do n’t want to know . ”


It was too late .
It ’s amazing how a few kisses could push your thoughts , wants , and desires to a whole new level .


“ All right , change of subject .
What are you doing right now ? ”
She stopped laughing , but I could hear the smile in her voice .


“ I just got home with a steaming plate of ribs . ”


“ Ribs ? ”


“ Yeah , collard greens and mac - n - cheese , too . ”


“ Soul food ?
You ’re eating soul food ? ”
She laughed her disbelief .


“ The minute I get inside I am .
Why ? ”


“ That ’s like me saying I ’ m eating a big bowl of mac - n - cheese for dinner .
The only people I know who do that are white . ”


I shook my head .
“ There you go with the race thing again . ”


“ Come on , Brian , you know I ’ m right .
Do you see black people in Kraft commercials eating bowls of mac - n - cheese as the main course ?
Of course not , because we eat it as a side dish with ribs . ”


Her laugh was contagious .
She had a point .


All too soon , her laughter slowed .
“ I miss you , Brian . ”


“ What ? ”


Ebony hesitated .
“ I miss you . ”
The words were no longer a whisper .


I stopped in the foyer .
If I drove fast enough , I could be at her place in twenty minutes .


“ I miss you , too . ”


“ Are you busy Friday ?
I mean , do you have plans ?
I do n’t have to work either job , so I figured , you know , if you ’re free , maybe we could … ”
She paused .
“ I know you ’ve got to go to the club Friday night .
I would love to come see you play , but I ’ve got to report to the zoo early in the morning , so I ca n’t stay out late .
What I ’ m saying is I want to see you . ”


She ’d finally stopped rambling .


“ Did you just ask me out on an actual date ? ”


Nervous laughter came through the phone .
“ Yes . ”


“ Friday ’s good , although I have mandatory practice from three to six — ”


“ Oh . ”


“ We do n’t go on until eleven .
Why do n’t I pick you up around two ?
You can go with me .
Afterward we could grab something to eat and do whatever you want .
I ’ll be yours until ten . ”


“ I ’d like that . ”


* Chapter 12 Chapter 12 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 12


_ * * Ebony * * _


It was one o’ clock , and I did n’t know what to wear .
Brian would be here in an hour .
I had n’t done my hair and make - up yet .
The only thing I ’d done was shower .


“ Yasmine ! ”


“ Oh no , who died ? ”
She rushed across the hall and took one glance at the clothes strewn across my bed .
Her hands went to her hips .
“ Fashion emergency ? ”


I nodded , biting my lip .


“ Is this a date ? ”


“ Yes . ”


Her eyebrows went up in surprise .
“ Okay , _hmm_ , what kind ?
First date ?
Meeting for drinks ? ”


My eyebrows furrowed .
“ Not exactly .
I ’ m meeting band members , and then we ’re going on a date . ”


“ Hold up , band members ?
Are you seeing the guitar player , Javan ’s roommate ? ”


My cheeks felt hot .
“ I guess I am . ”


“ Holy shit !
And you have n’t said anything ?
I thought we were friends . ”
She feigned disappointment .


“ Yaz , you know you ’re my girl .
I did n’t say anything because it just sort of happened . ”
I plopped down on the piles of clothes on my bed .
“ I met him Sunday , and we had fun .
And by the end of the evening , we kissed . ”


Yasmine stood wide - eyed , her mouth hanging open .


“ And it was … ”
I did n’t know how to describe it .
Warm and sweet sounded like kissing a childhood boyfriend .
Hot and passionate did n’t cut it either , though I ’ m sure if we ’d kissed long enough , we ’d have ended up there .
“ Perfect , ” I decided .


Yasmine laughed while she sorted through my mountain of clothes .
“ Different is what you mean .
Not saying white men ca n’t kiss , it ’s just with a brother , there ’s more lips to suck on , you know ? ”


“ Yasmine ! ”


“ What ?
You know I ’ m right .
But it ’s all about technique .
I ’ve kissed some guys whose lips were the size of tires .
I felt like I was being licked by a dog . ”
Yasmine shivered in mock disgust .


I cracked up .
“ That is so wrong . ”


“ I ’ve also kissed guys whose lips were smaller than mine , but man , did they have technique . ”
Her eyes closed as if having a flashback .
“ David could suck the hell out of — ”


“ Enough ! ”
I laughed , throwing my hands up .
“ I get the point .
Besides , I like Brian ’s … technique and plan to explore it some more tonight .
First , I need the perfect outfit . ”


“ You called the right one .
So , what does he like ? ”


“ Huh ? ”


She sighed .
“ What does he like ?
You know , what has he commented on ?
What has his roving eye looked at when he ’s not staring at you ? ”


“ Um , his attention is always on me .
Plus , he says I look good in anything , even my work clothes . ”


“ What the hell ? ”
She rubbed her eyes .
“ Okay , he ’s one of those . ”


“ One of what ? ”


“ A man who ’s always giving compliments to suck up . ”


I loved Brian ’s compliments .
He never gave the impression of trying to get something in return .
His facial expressions made it obvious that what he said came from the heart .


“ All right , what has he seen you in ? ”
She eyed the clothes pile .
“ Jeans ? ”


“ Not exactly , Capri ’s , yes . ”


“ Dress ? ”


“ That skin tight number the night we met . ”


“ Told you it would work . ”
She gave me a smug smile .
“ Shorts ? ”


“ Yes , on Sunday , the day we kissed . ”


“ _Hmm_ , how about this ? ”


I turned to see what she held .
“ Perfect . ”


“ Now for hair and make - up . ”


At exactly two o’ clock , the doorbell rang .


“ I ’ll get it , ” Yasmine yelled from downstairs .


I finished tying the strings of my wedge heels around my legs and made sure I sprayed perfume in all the right places .
I took a deep breath and stood in front of the mirror .
Yasmine had a hidden talent for dressing people .


“ Well hello , Brian , right ?
I ’ m Yasmine .
It ’s nice to meet you . ”


I could hear Yasmine ’s voice floating up the steps .


“ Hi , Yasmine .
I ’ m here to pick up Ebony , ” he replied .


God , I loved to hear him say my name .


“ Come in .
She ’ll be down in a minute . ”
The door closed .
“ Take care of my girl . ”


“ I will . ”


When I heard her coming up the steps , I counted to ten and composed myself .


She stopped at my doorway and winked .
“ He ’s a keeper .
Nice lips . ”
She laughed and disappeared into her room .


Brian ’s back was to me when I walked down the stairs .
He appeared relaxed with his thumbs hooked in the pockets of his jeans .
He had the same black sneakers and a deep blue shirt that was the same shade as his eyes .
Blue was fast becoming my favorite color .
His blond curls with dark undertones were shorter than when I ’d last seen him .


“ Hi , ” I said upon reaching the bottom step .


He turned and his eyes traveled over my outfit .
“ Damn . ”


I wore a floral print halter - top accented with red lace trim that molded to my waist and breasts .
The tan background complimented my skin and the floor - length skirt fit like a glove .
A long sexy slit ran from the hem to the middle of my thigh and gave him an eyeful every time I moved my leg .


“ You look … ”
He cleared his throat .
“ Amazing . ”


He did too .
Besides cutting his hair , he ’d grown a sexy five o’ clock shadow .
I could n’t decide whether to stare at his mouth or his eyes .


I closed the distance between us without saying a word .
My heels did n’t bring us eye - to - eye , but I was close enough .
I took his face between my hands , slid my fingertips into his hair , and drew his head down until his lips met mine .
After talking about the kiss we ’d shared , I was anxious to do it again .


Without hesitation , Brian ’s mouth opened .
Enjoying the firmness of his lips , I slipped my tongue in between .
His hands came out of his pockets , around my waist , and pulled me close .


My breath caught .
I pressed against him , willing myself to mold to the shape of his body .
There was no denying the attraction either of us felt .
After days of not seeing each other , we definitely had the same thing in mind .


“ Um , excuse me .
I kinda need to get through here .
It ’s the only way to the kitchen . ”


We stopped kissing , but neither of us released our hold .
I could n’t believe I was in the living room with Brian , damn near ready to make out .
I slipped my hands out of his hair and satisfied my need to touch him by running a hand over his chest .
“ Sorry , ” I told Kaitlyn .
“ Brian , this is my other roommate , Kaitlyn . ”


She glanced from me to Brian .
Her arms were loaded down with grocery bags .


“ Hi .
I ’d love to stay and chat , but I ’ve been standin ’ here for forever waitin ’ for y ’ all lovebirds to come up for air .
This stuff is heavy . ”


“ Let me help you , ” Brian let go of me and reached for the bags .


“ No , I ’ve got this .
Do ya mind grabbin ’ the box out of the trunk ? ”


“ Sure . ”


We watched him disappear out the front door .


“ Holy crap ! ” she whispered .
“ That ’s the guy from the club ? ”


I grinned , slipped a few bags from her hands , and headed for the kitchen .


“ He ’s hot !
Does he have a brother ? ”


I laughed .
“ Kaity , did n’t you just find a man ? ”


“ Yeah , so ? ”
She put the remaining bags down before punching my shoulder .
“ And you ’ve been holdin ’ out . ”


“ I know , I know .
Yasmine already fussed .
I ’ll fill you guys in with the details when I get home . ”


“ After a kiss like that you ’re plannin ’ on comin ’ home ? ”
She shook her head .
“ You show up tonight , and I ’ m calling the crazy police to turn you in . ”


* * *


The band practiced at one of the members ’ houses .
Fortunately , the garage had an air conditioning unit installed , so it was quite comfortable .


To my surprise , I was n’t the only female there .
I sat against a wall on an old bench seat , which appeared to have come from a truck .
Jessica , the fiancée of the band ’s drummer , sat beside me .
Brian and I shared a private laugh when he introduced me .
Besides knowing Derrick was engaged , looking back at him now , I was glad Brian ended up being the one I met .


Just like the night at the retirement home , watching Brian play was erotic .
Since we ’d kissed , I found myself paying more attention to the way he held his mouth and the seductive slide of his fingers up and down the neck of his guitar .
My imagination ran wild , causing the lingering heat from our kiss to build .
It was impossible to keep from squirming in my seat .


“ Here , one of these helps . ”
Jessica handed me a bottle of ice - cold water .
She laughed at my confused expression and pointed to the row of ladies sitting near us .
All toasted me with their bottles .
“ We all get turned on while watching them play .
It ’s always a good night whenever we leave a rehearsal or performance . ”


“ Thanks . ”
I ’ m sure my cheeks flushed pink .


I turned my attention back to the action , watching Brian study the sheet music and interact with the group .
He was in full music mode , intent on what he was doing .
His curly locks lay plastered to his damp forehead .
He ’d told me it was a mental and physical workout every time he played .
I truly admired him .


He also claimed to get the best sleep on the nights they performed at the club .
Of course , it was n’t clear whether he ’d expended energy any other way before going to sleep .
But after watching him play , I could n’t imagine him going to bed alone .


I suddenly hated the idea of going to work in the morning .
Tonight would have been the perfect opportunity to sleep with him .


Our friendship had changed the moment we kissed , but that did n’t mean we had to jump straight into cut - buddy status , did it ?
Oh , hell , who was I kidding ?
I was horny , and being anywhere in the vicinity of Brian made me want to jump him .


This stupid bottle of water did nothing to cool down the fire that simmered inside me for the past few months .
Not even a trip to Antarctica would work .
At this rate , I ’d probably melt the polar icecap .


“ You know , I ’ve never seen Brian this focused before .
I mean , he ’s always prepared , but tonight is different , ” Jessica said , drawing my attention away from my thoughts of sex .
“ It ’s because you ’re here . ”


I laughed .
“ I ’ m sure he ’s showed off for plenty of girls before . ”
I took another swig of water .
Nope , this definitely was n’t working .


She shook her head .
“ No , I ’ m sure it ’s you .
He ’s never brought anyone here before . ”


* * *


Dinner went by fast and neither of us wanted the night to end .
At least , I did n’t want it to end like this .


We sat in his truck in my driveway .
I was grateful he ’d taken the time to clean it .
There was no trash or funky odors coming from the seats .
Not that I would have cared .
I was more interested in the action going on between us than what it smelled like .
The console between us made it impossible for me to feel his body as we kissed .
I made due with the gentle grip of his hand while he tilted my mouth to meet his .


“ What ’s on your mind ? ”
Brian pulled back and watched me .


I blew out a deep breath , then rested my head against the headrest .
“ For the first time in my life , I ’ m not looking forward to work in the morning . ”


“ Why , is there something wrong ? ”


He had no idea .
“ No , work is fine .
I ’d just rather be with you tonight . ”


And still be with him in the morning , tomorrow afternoon …


“ I wish you could be there too , but I understand .
You have to do the things you love .
Besides , it wo n’t be the last night we play . ”


I eyed him .
He honestly did n’t have a clue about the true meaning of my statement .
Maybe it was for the best .
If he knew what I really meant , he ’d probably have me naked and in bed in no time .


“ What time do you go in ? ”


“ Five a.m. , ”
I groaned .


“ I ’ll probably be getting in bed by then . ”


Alone , I hope .
“ Can I ask you a question ? ”


Brian stopped running his hand through the ends of my hair .
“ Anything . ”


“ Jessica told me something , and well , it ’s hard to believe .
She said tonight was the first time you ’ve brought a date to practice .
Is that true ? ”


He chuckled and glanced out the window .
I saw a slight red hue appear in his cheeks .
“ Leave it to Jessica .
Yes , it ’s true . ”


I studied him in surprise .
“ Why ?
I mean , do n’t you take girls to your shows to impress them ?
You ’d definitely be able to get laid . ”


Brian ’s head fell back against the headrest as he laughed .
“ I used to in high school and during my first two years of college . ”
He turned to face me .
“ I ’ m older now with goals and no time for games .
When I invite a woman , correction , when I invite you to share an important part of my life , it means something . ”


“ Oh . ”


“ Which reminds me , do you have plans for the Fourth of July ? ”


I had a hard time wrapping my head around his last statement and barely let out an audible , “ No , ”


“ Good .
I ’d like to spend the day with you .
There ’s a barbeque at my parents ’ house .
It ’s nothing major .
We get together every holiday .
I usually do n’t invite anyone , but I want you to come with me . ”


Somehow , I managed to find my voice .
“ You want me to meet your family ? ”


“ Yes , and I want them to meet you . ”


I tried to hide my discomfort .
A flood of _what if_ scenarios ran through my head .


What if they do n’t like me because I ’ m black ?
What if I ’ m not pretty enough ?
What if nobody talks to me ?
_What if_ …


“ Hey . ”
He reached over and pulled my face back to meet his .
“ Do n’t worry .
I promise you ’ll fit right in . ”
He chuckled .
“ Believe me , the last thing they ’ll be interested in is the color of your skin . ”


Oh great , now I was really nervous .


Brian leaned over and kissed me .
His cologne was all - male and ignited primal urges in me , making it impossible to think .
I moaned against his mouth .


“ Is that a yes ? ” he asked when our lips parted .


I looked into my private blue ocean that was his eyes .
It was impossible to say no to him .


* Chapter 13 Chapter 13 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 13


_ * * Brian * * _


I focused on the road as Ebony turned to me ; she ’d been asking questions from the moment I picked her up .


“ Let me get this right . ”
Nervousness was in her voice .
“ You have four sisters , right ? ”


“ Yes . ”


“ And you ’re the youngest ? ”


I glanced over to see her expression .
Priceless .
“ Yes . ”


She stared out of the windshield , probably contemplating another question .


I reached for her hand .
“ Do n’t worry , they ’re going to — ”


“ Love me .
You keep saying that .
But , Brian , you have four older sisters .
I only have one , and she ’s extremely protective of my brother and me .
I ’ m the same with women my brother likes . ”


We were ten minutes away from my parents ’ house .
There was nothing else to say to reassure her , so I changed the subject .
“ How ’s work ?
You ’re helping take care of a monkey , right ? ”


“ It ’s an orangutan .
If you ’re going to change the subject , at least know what you ’re talking about . ”
She shook her head in disapproval .


“ See , it worked .
How ’s it going ? ”


She dove into detail about her daily work routine .
Listening to her speak passionately about something she enjoyed made my day .
Her enthusiasm reminded me of the way I felt about music .
Women I ’d dated before only talked about what they expected from me .
It was refreshing to be with a woman with goals .


“ Oh , God , we ’re almost there , are n’t we ? ”
Ebony said when we slowed down to turn into my parents ’ subdivision .


“ Breathe , Ebony .
Just breathe . ”


“ Easier said than done .
You ’re not the black girl coming to the party , ” she muttered .
“ They do know I ’ m black , right ? ”


I shook my head in exasperation .
“ Ebony , let ’s not do this now . ”


“ That would be a _no_ . ”
She pulled her hand away and put her head into her hands .


I ignored the comment and parked at the curb in front of my parents ’ home .
Ebony stayed rooted to her seat when I opened her car door .
She stared at me with mixed emotions .


“ Do you trust me ? ”


“ Is that a rhetorical question ? ”


I leaned in to kiss her .
“ You look beautiful by the way .
Come on so we can get this over with and you can relax . ”


We walked up the winding walkway holding hands .
Various cars sat in the driveway .
The intoxicating aroma of the charcoal floated in the air .
The sound of music and children ’s voices drifted from the backyard .


At the door , I shifted the box of beer under my arm .
Ebony gripped the cake she ’d baked for the occasion tightly to her chest .


“ Ready ? ”
I asked .


“ It does n’t seem like I have a choice . ”
She plastered on a grin and squeezed my hand .


I tested the front door and found it unlocked .
“ Hello ? ”
No response .
We walked through the foyer , through the living room to the kitchen .
Evidence of the meal ’s preparations sat on the kitchen counters and table .
Bags of chips , dips , desserts , and covered dishes made my mouth water .
I sat the beer down .


I heard my father ’s voice through the opened sliding - glass door , as he told another one of his corny jokes .
Laughter erupted as we reached the doorway .
Cody and Hannah ran around the backyard while everyone else ’s attention focused on the center of the yard where my father stood .
I squeezed Ebony ’s hand .


“ So this is where the party ’s at , ” I said .


Startled by my voice , my family turned .


My mother got out of her seat .
“ Brian ! ”
She came over to hug me and kissed my cheek .


A chorus of _hellos_ came in response as all eyes left me to focus on my date .


“ Hey , everybody , ” I said .
“ I ’d like you to meet Ebony Campbell .
Ebony , this is my mother , Laura , and my father , Winfred . ”


My mother shook her hand .
Dad stayed at the grill , but smiled warmly and waved a pair of tongs .


“ I made a cake , ” Ebony said , holding it out to my mother .


“ Oh , thank you .
I ’ll just put it in the kitchen . ”
Mom took the plate inside .


“ This is my sister , Lisa . ”
I waved a hand at my niece and nephew .
“ Her children , Cody and Hannah , are the ones tearing up the yard .
And this crazy girl is Bridget . ”


Both came to shake her hand .
Ebony ’s voice remained warm despite the fact she squeezed the heck out of my hand .


Lisa sat back down , but Bridget remained next to me , a wicked gleam in her eyes .


“ Where is everyone ? ”
I scanned the yard again .
“ I saw cars out front .
Where are all the bodies ? ”


“ Andrea and Caroline went to the store to grab a few things .
Tim and Randall are working so they ’ll be late , ” Bridget informed me while studying Ebony .


“ Andrea and Caroline are my other sisters .
Tim and Randall are their husbands , ” I said , turning to Ebony to fill her in .


“ Jackson is on the way with Josh and Sara .
They went to pick up some fireworks .
Aunt Gina and her boys should be here soon . ”


I groaned .
“ Tell me Dad is n’t going to be in charge of lighting them again this year . ”


“ After last year ’s fiasco ?
Hell no . ” Bridget leaned around me and spoke to Ebony directly .
“ Last year , Dad burned down the gazebo .
He shot off a rocket that went sideways instead of up in the air , and poof , ” she demonstrated with her hands , “ instant fire . ”


“ Oh , no . ” Ebony covered her mouth to conceal her laughter .


“ Fortunately , Tim and Randall are both firefighters .
They got it quickly under control . ”
I pointed to the gazebo ’s remains .
“ He ’s supposed to rebuild it , but Mom refuses to let him start until after tonight ’s fireworks . ”


Bridget ’s contagious laughter kept Ebony from being able to contain her own .


“ Hey , are you kids talking about me over there ? ” my father bellowed .


“ No , ” Bridget and I said in unison .


“ I might be getting older , but I ’ m not deaf .
Brian , bring your lady friend over here . ”


I winked at Ebony as we walked over to the stainless - steel giant we ’d chipped in to buy him on Father ’s Day .
The savory smell of hot dogs , steak , and chicken permeated the air .


“ Dinner looks great , Dad . ”


“ This grill and I are a match made in heaven . ”
He took a moment to flip a row of steaks .
“ The kitchen is for the women .
But this … ”
He pointed with pride to the grill .
“ This is man ’s work .
It ’s like the caveman days of cooking over a pit fire . ”


“ Winfred , cavemen did n’t know how to make fire , ” Mom said .


Everyone laughed .


“ Look , woman , go grab me a beer , ” Dad said .
He glanced at Ebony .
“ So , you ’re dating my son , huh ? ”


My heart dropped to my knees .
I should have seen this coming .
My dad had no problem getting to the point .
We had n’t been here for more than ten minutes , and he ’d already jumped to the wrong conclusion .
Even though the sexual attraction was there , the only thing we ’d done was kiss .
I wanted more , damn , I really wanted more .
But I did n’t want to push and risk the chance she ’d decide we were doing too much .
Bringing her to meet my family was more than I thought would ever happen .
The last thing I needed my father to do was —


“ Yes , sir , I am his girlfriend . ”
She squeezed my hand .


Holy . Shit .
My heart started beating again .
I studied Ebony to make sure I heard her correctly .
Her smile said it all .


“ How did you guys meet ? ”
Mom reappeared with a beer .


“ She picked me up at the bar , ” I joked .


“ Brian ! ”
Ebony poked me in the ribs with her elbow .


Bridget laughed .
“ And he ’s the only thing you could find ?
Girl , I have to take you out sometime and show you where to find a real man . ”


“ Ignore her .
She ’s got a few screws loose , ” I warned .


Ebony giggled .
“ I like her . ”


Annoyed , I decided to mess with my sister .
“ So , Bridget , what happened to the last guy you dated ?
What was his name , Raul ?
Was n’t he like twelve years younger than you ? ”


Bridget ’s gaze shot over to our mother who eyed her questioningly .
“ His name was Francisco , and he was not twelve years younger . ”
She held her head high .
“ He was five years younger .
I broke up with him a few months ago because we could n’t agree on the terms of our relationship . ”


“ Which were ? ”
I pressed .


Her eyes narrowed .
“ He wanted to get married .
I ’ m too young for that . ”


I howled .


“ Bridget , you ’re nearly thirty - two years old .
It ’s time to settle down , ” Mom said .


“ You can say that again , ” Lisa muttered , joining in the conversation .


Lisa was my second oldest sister .
Ever since we arrived , she ’d been watching Ebony .
For her to finally speak meant she must have formulated an opinion .


“ Ebony , where are you from ?
You do n’t have a California accent . ”


“ Charlotte , North Carolina , ” she replied .


“ Wow , you ’re a long way from home .
How did you end up here ? ”


The moment Ebony dreaded had arrived .
I decided to give her some space , confident she could handle my sisters .
I kissed her hand and continued to stand next to my father while she followed them to sit in the patio chairs .
I stood in silence , listening to the flow of questions and answers between them .
Lisa was obviously filling in for our older sister , Andrea , and would give her and Caroline a detailed report in private once they returned .


“ Hand me a plate , will you ? ”
Dad removed the hot dogs from the grill .
“ She ’s a looker , son . ”


I turned my attention back to Ebony .
“ Yeah , she is . ”
I grinned with pride .


“ Have you slept with her yet ? ”


My attention broke .
I faced my dad as he casually took a long sip of his beer .
He remained calm , cool , and collected .
You ’d think he just asked me to pass him the barbeque sauce .


“ Uh … no , not yet . ”
I buried my hands deep in my pockets .


My dad and I talked about everything .
From my first wet dream , to the first time I had sex .
It was a rare occasion for him to ask a question that made me nervous .
This was one of them .


“ What are you waiting for ? ”
He paused to study me .
His expression was serious .
“ Everything still working ?
You ’re not sick , are you ? ”


“ Yes , Dad , everything works just fine and no , I ’ m healthy . ”


He continued to watch me .
“ Ah , I get it .
You ’re serious ; do n’t want to mess things up , eh ? ”


I looked back at Ebony .
She seemed to have settled in .
“ I do n’t know , Dad , she might be the one . ”


His eyebrows rose in question .
“ Does she feel the same way ? ”


“ I do n’t know .
We have n’t really talked about that .
We ’re still in the beginning stages .
We ’ve kissed , but I do n’t want to rush it . ”


He nodded .
“ What about her family ?
You know your mother and I could n’t care less if Ebony were purple , as long as she ’s a good woman and you ’re happy .
But if her parents are from the other side of the world — ”


“ They live in the U.S. ”


“ You know what I mean .
Things are different in the South .
They may not be as liberal as we are .
That ’s all I ’ m saying , son . ”


“ We ’ve talked about it … some .
But we ’re here , not there .
We ’re both consenting adults capable of making our own decisions . ”


“ Whoa , boy , hold on .
I ’ m not trying to tell you what to do . ”
He put a hand on my shoulder .
“ After what happened with the last woman you dated , can you blame me ?
I ’ m just looking out for your best interest .
Be sure your thinking with your head and not your _Johnson_ . ”
He paused when I laughed .
“ I ’ m serious .
You should know from experience a man ’s heart is a fragile thing .
We try to hide behind the macho façade , pretending we do n’t get whipped .
But deep down , when we find our own personal _Eve_ , we ’re done .
And if your _Eve_ breaks your heart , well , it ’s hard to recover . ”
He took a long pull on his beer before flipping the meat .


My own _Eve_ .
I ’d never thought about a woman that way .
It was n’t hard to understand where he was coming from .
I studied the curve of Ebony ’s lips and the small crinkle in the corner of her eyes when she laughed .
The relaxed pose of her body as she talked to my sisters .
My heart warmed .


“ What about you , Dad .
Has your heart been broken by an _Eve_ ? ”


His eyes followed my mother .
“ No .
My _Eve_ , my paradise , is right here . ”


* Chapter 14 Chapter 14 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 14


_ * * Ebony * * _


Brian ’s sisters were an interesting group of women .


Bridget , by far , was my favorite .
Not only did she favor Brian , she had a magnetic personality .
Petite in stature , her hair was n’t blond , and her eyes were nearly gray , a direct contrast to Brian ’s deep blue .
She ’d stayed by my side the entire time , rolling her eyes at some of the questions her three older siblings threw at me .


Andrea , the oldest and most conservative of the sisters , had two teenage children .
For the most part , she observed me in silence , commenting when necessary , allowing Lisa to ask the questions .


Lisa , by far the most talkative next to Bridget , asked me everything she could think of .
It was obvious by the smile that popped in the corners of her mouth when she approved of my response .
If I won her approval , the others would surely follow suit .


And then there was the sweet , and very pregnant , Caroline .
My heart went out to her .
With two weeks to go until her due date , she looked as if she were about to burst .
She smiled and shook my hand , but her focus was getting her baby to come sooner than later .
‘ Damn the party , I need to have this baby tonight , ’ she ’d said .


The only people I had n’t had a one - on - one discussion with were her parents .


I leaned against the back porch column and sipped my soda , enjoying the view of the landscaped backyard .
Mrs .
Young and her daughters migrated into the kitchen to put the final touches on the meal .
I offered to help , but they told me , as a guest , I needed to relax .
Personally , I thought they were taking the time to talk about me in private .
The idea was unnerving , but it was bound to happen .


“ That was n’t so bad , right ? ”
Brian ’s deep voice startled me .
He stood behind me and slipped his hands around my waist .
“ _Mm_ … you smell good , ” he whispered .
His lips found a spot below my ear that made my body quiver .
He ’d never done that before .
I desperately wanted him to do it again .


“ Hey . ”
I angled my head around and shared a quick kiss .
“ What are you doing ? ”
We locked our fingers together .
The heat of his body seduced me .
I could n’t contain the nervous laughter and looked around to see who could be watching .


“ They ’re all inside , and the kids are too busy playing to notice .
Besides , I ’ m kissing my girlfriend , ” he murmured and — _oh yeah_ — he kissed the spot again .
“ Was that an official proclamation or something done for my father ’s benefit ? ”


I honestly did n’t know where the remark came from .
Somehow , it felt … right .
Brian introduced me to a side he rarely shared with other women .
He was n’t the type of man to bring just anyone home .
Once I got over being nervous , it felt like I belonged here .
Maybe even to him .


“ Do you want me to take it back ? ”
I teased , looking over my shoulder .


“ Hell no , I want you to be my girl . ”


“ Yeah , I figured you did . ”


His chuckle went deep , vibrating in his body as I leaned against him .


“ Why do n’t we do something to make it official ? ”


His whisper filled my ear making every nerve in my body go on standby .
My heart beat a mile a minute at his invitation .


“ What do you have in mind ? ”


“ Hmm , I could think of plenty of things we could do to — ”


“ Ebony , could you come here for a moment ? ”
Mrs . Young ’s voice floated out the open sliding - glass doors as his sisters filed out of the kitchen .


Bridget glanced at me and snickered .


Brian laid his head on my shoulder and groaned .


I forced myself from his arms and immediately regretted the loss of his body ’s heat .
“ Your mom has n’t talked to me yet . ”
A chill went through me even though it was eighty - four degrees outside .
“ I ’ll be back . ”


I could feel his eyes on me as I walked away .


“ Ah , there you are .
I said I did n’t need your help , but my daughters decided to take a break .
Would you mind making the salad ? ”


I smiled .
“ Sure , Mrs . Young . ”


We both knew they were giving her the space she needed to get to know the new woman in her only son ’s life .


“ Please , call me Laura .
Mrs .
Young makes me feel old . ”


Whatever her age , she wore it well .
Brian got his blond hair from her .
Her shoulder - length locks held faint streaks of gray , while her smile mimicked her son ’s .
Her eyes were blue - gray , like Bridget ’s , and her figure was impressive for a woman who ’d given birth to five children .


“ I hope my daughters did n’t scare you off . ”
Her eyes twinkled with laughter .


“ No , ma ’ am , they did n’t .
I have an older sister , so I know what it ’s like to bring home someone and have them interrogated by her .
Though I ’ m sure from time to time my brother can be worse . ”


Laura pulled a bagged salad from the refrigerator .
“ Is he older or younger ? ”


“ He ’s my twin . ”


“ Really ?
How did your mother handle it ? ”


“ With nerve pills by the time we were in high school .
Trevon was a handful . ”


She chuckled .
“ Do me a favor and cut up some onion , tomato , and cucumber .
Pre - made salad is convenient , but it ’s always lacking . ”


“ Sure . ”
I reached for the knife resting on the counter top .


“ Forgive me for asking , but did you really pick my son up in a bar ? ”


I laughed .
“ No , ma ’ am .
I was at the bar when he picked me up . ”


“ That ’s what I thought .
He does n’t usually do stuff like that .
Well , not as far as I know … ”
She glanced away , apparently embarrassed by what she ’d said .


“ I know what you mean . ”
I smiled .
“ To be honest , he picked me out of a crowd watching the band play .
He came up to me , and I politely brushed him off . ”


Mrs . Young laughed .


“ A few days later , Brian showed up at my house , hired by my roommate to cut our lawn and well … here we are .
I can say one thing , he ’s very persistent . ”


“ Oh yes , ” she agreed .
“ As a kid he used to flash those blue eyes at me all the time to get cookies from the jar before dinner .
He ’s got eyes just like his father . ”


“ He knows how to use them , ” I agreed .
Brian did indeed have the same swag as his father who was strikingly handsome .


I glanced up and saw her smile .


“ You are the first woman Brian ’s brought around here in a long time , Ebony .
He likes you .
I hope you feel the same way about him .
I ’d hate for my son ’s heart to be broken again . ”


I paused , mid - slice of an onion , and frowned .


“ Oh , dear , I ’ve said too much . ”
Laura turned her focus to a pot on the stove .


Brian ’s heart had been broken ?
He ’d never mentioned it to me when talking about previous relationships .


“ I like Brian .
I love his confidence and his desire to reach his goals , and he supports mine .
That ’s why I ’ m with him .
I do n’t know where our relationship is going to go , but I ’ m willing to stick around and find out . ”


We studied each other before she nodded .


“ I can understand why he likes you .
You speak your mind .
That ’s a good thing .
He does n’t need a woman who ’ll back down .
Keep that up , and you ’ll be fine . ”
She smiled briefly and turned back to the stove .


That was unexpected .


Brian stood in the doorway of the kitchen , having appeared out of nowhere .
“ Mom , can I borrow Ebony ? ”


His timing was impeccable .
He must have been watching from the patio door , waiting for me to finish .


“ Go ahead , I ’ll clean this up .
Thank you for your help , Ebony . ”


“ We ’re going for a tour of the house , ” he told her .


“ Do n’t be long .
Dinner should be ready in twenty minutes . ”


“ That ’s long enough , ” he muttered .
He grabbed my hand and practically dragged me out of the kitchen , through the living room , and up the stairs .


I laughed at his enthusiasm .
“ Where are we going ? ”


“ You ’ll see . ”
He acted like a kid about to unwrap a present the day before Christmas .
And I was the present .


Oh boy .


The excursion stopped at a door he pushed open .


“ This is my old bedroom , ” he said , holding the door open for me to walk past him .
It was a typical boy ’s room .
Sports equipment from his high school days sat in the corner .
Posters of his favorite band still adorned the walls .
I walked to a dresser lined with trophies and awards .
Next to them were framed pictures of Brian as a baby up until his college graduation .
Evidence of Mrs . Young ’s use of the room sat in a corner .
A sewing table , fabric , and various magazines filled the space .


I picked up the nearest framed photo .
“ You were adorable . ”
A six - year - old Brian grinned into the camera .
His two front teeth were missing , and thick blond curls hung wildly around his face .


He stood leaning against the doorjamb .
“ Apparently my mom felt the same way .
I ’d just fallen over the handle bars of my bike and knocked out my two front teeth .
Fortunately , they were baby teeth .
It took nearly a year before the new ones grew back . ”


I set down the frame and picked up another .
A low clicking noise drew my attention .
Brian leaned against the closed bedroom door , his eyes intent on me .


My heart kicked up a notch .
“ What are you doing ? ”


He did n’t say a word when he walked over and removed the frame from my grasp .
He pulled my arms around his neck and slid his hands around my waist .
His lips came for mine , taking exactly what he wanted .
His kisses before had been soft with a hint of heat , but not now .
Now he took possession of my mouth without holding back .
There was no question , only demand .


I gave in to him , accepting his tongue eagerly as I offered him mine .
A sigh of pleasure escaped me when he pushed me against the dresser , his mouth leaving mine and traveling from my chin to my throat .
His hands roamed the length of my body , down to my butt , and squeezed .


“ Brian … ”


“ Shh … ” he murmured , coming back to my mouth .


I arched as his hands journeyed back and found the hem of my shirt .
He pushed the fabric up and slipped rough fingers over bare skin .
My breath heaved in and out as I struggled to breathe .
My hips pushed against his firm body and rubbed against the desire evident in his pants .
I could feel every firm inch of him .
I tried to pull my hands free of his shoulders so I could run them over his body , but to no avail .
He kept my arms trapped .


“ No , I do n’t have enough control .
All I want is a sample . ”
His voice was thick with need as his mouth went back for mine .


“ Oh , God , ” I moaned when his attention turned to the side of my throat .
I struggled to keep my voice down when he began grinding against me .


I was on the verge of coming , right then and there .
Just as I was about to cry out , Brian covered my mouth with his , swallowing my gasp while torturing me even more with his body .


As intriguing and exciting as sleeping with Brian was , I was suddenly aware we stood in his old bedroom .


In his parents ’ house .


With his entire family outside .


Oh . My . God .


Worry flashed over me .
Yes , we were grown and what we did and where we did it was our business .
But here ?


Visions of his mother walking up the stairs looking for us scared me .
His family was wonderful and seemed willing to support our relationship .
I did n’t want to screw it up by becoming the _ho_ who did her son in his old bedroom during the family barbeque .


“ Brian . ”
It was nearly impossible to speak while his tongue traced an erotic trail down my throat .


His mouth came back to mine , but this time , his kiss was slow , and the glide of his fingers light as he pulled my shirt back down .


My knees were weak , my brain scrambled , and my breath ragged .
I forced my eyes open and found him gazing down at me .
His eyes were heavy , filled with lust .


“ I need to be alone with you , ” he said , dipping his head down to kiss me again .
“ I want you in my bed , tonight .
We ’ll stay for dinner and fireworks . ”
He kissed me long and deep .
“ But after that … ”


Brian had been true to his word ; he ’d gotten to know me before showing me this passionate side of him .
I had no doubt being with him would be worth the wait .
He knew exactly how to make my body hunger for more .
It was hard to think straight .


No matter how much I wanted to be with him , I felt guilty , as if somehow I ’d let him down .


Brian brought me into his private world .
But what did I have to give him in return besides my body ?
I felt like I ’d cheated him out of something he deserved .
My best friends had n’t known about him until the last minute .
My family did n’t know I was seeing him .
And we ’d been involved for a month .


I was a coward .
I was in his family home about to eat his parents ’ food .
He ’d brought me as deep into his life as anyone could go .
Yet in my world , Brian continued to be an outsider .


I doubted my family would accept him nearly as much as his accepted me .
And despite what Brian believed , being in California did not make being an interracial couple any easier .


Once we slept together , what would happen next ?
What would be the expectation ?
Would he want more ?
Would I ?


One thing was for sure , once we crossed the line , the rules were definitely going to change .
But I wanted them to .


Because I wanted Brian .


* Chapter 15 Chapter 15 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 15


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ We ’ll be alone tonight , ” Brian said as he unlocked the front door to his house .


“ I guess Javan is still out with Yasmine . ”
I tried to hide the nervousness in my voice .


“ He ’s got several women he deals with .
I do n’t keep up with him . ”


The door closed behind us .
I followed him through the foyer to the living room .
He looked around the room apparently making sure everything was in order .
“ Would you like something to drink ? ”


“ No thanks .
I ate too much at your parents ’ house .
I ’ll be full until next week . ”
I set my purse down on the sofa and studied the room .


It surprised me that a house shared by two men was so clean .
I did n’t know what to expect , especially after seeing the way he usually kept his truck .


Brian walked over to a shelf containing the largest CD collection I ’d ever seen .
He ran his hand over the black wooden cabinet before looking up at me in satisfaction .


“ Wow .
How many CDs do you have ? ”


“ At last count , 262 . ”
He laughed .
“ I ’ve been collecting since I was in middle school .
All of this represents every genre of music I play and artist I admire .
My iPhone has pretty much every one of these discs and more . ”


“ Amazing . ”
I joined him at the cabinet and studied the titles .


He angled his head and watched me .
I sensed his gaze and immediately thought of the kiss we ’d shared at his parents ’ house .
He was showing remarkable restraint for a man who ’d been close to ripping off my clothes .
“ See anything you like ? ”


I glanced over at him and saw the mischievous twinkle .
His question was an obvious double entendre .


“ Yes . ”
I selected a disk and held it up for his approval .


“ Sade , old school , cool . ”


“ Do you have a CD player in your room ? ”


His answer was a devilish grin and an extended hand .
We walked down a hallway past the kitchen and a door I assumed led to his roommate ’s bedroom .
Brian ’s room was just as neat as the living room .
A full - sized bed with blood - red sheets was in the center below a set of windows .
A desk with a laptop sat on one side , while a guitar and several smaller instruments were in the corner .


Brian closed the door and walked to the CD player on the nightstand .
The sexy , sultry music was an instant aphrodisiac .


He sat at the edge of his bed , sinful desire in his cerulean eyes .
“ Come here . ”


I walked over to him and stood between his legs .
He ran his eyes over my body , starting with my legs and stopping at my mouth .
My legs went weak as his hands slid from the back of my knees , over my hips , and gripped my waist .
He guided me down so that I straddled his lap , putting his mouth in line with my throat .


“ You have no idea how bad I want you , ” he murmured as his lips grazed the side of my throat .


He had no idea how bad I wanted him .
I slipped my fingers into the nape of his curly hair and held him as our lips met and mated .
Neither of us wasted time .
He greedily gripped the edge of my shirt , slipped it over my head , and lowered his mouth to the top of my breast , his tongue gliding over me .
He pulled the cups of my bra down , and his hot mouth latched onto a hardened nipple .
I arched and my head fell back .
The bra hit the floor .


I moaned his name when he cupped my breasts , kneading them gently as his mouth found mine again .
All sense of coherent thought left me .
I rocked my hips against him , feeling his hardened flesh pushing against his jeans and between my thighs .
I wanted him out , naked , and inside of me .
Now .


I slipped my fingers between us and quickly unfastened the buttons of his shirt .
Of all days to decide to wear one of these .
Why could n’t he have on a pullover like always ?
A quick tug would have had his chest available to me in seconds .
Now I had to work for it .


Buttons free , I forced the material over his shoulders and down to his wrists .
He released me to help remove the shirt .
In our haste , his wrists got tangled up .
I bit my lip as I looked down at him .
His eyes were the most intense shade of blue I ’d ever seen .
His mouth parted expectantly .
His lips were swollen and pink from the way I ’d sucked them .
I wanted to own him .
Every … last … inch .


A deep chuckle came from his throat .
“ What are you doing ? ”
He tried to free his wrist .


“ Do n’t worry , I promise you ’ll like it . ”
I smiled wickedly as I fisted the makeshift handcuffs , trapping his hands on the bed .


I nibbled , lapped , and sucked my way to his throat while Brian groaned .


He smelled so good , so male .
Barbeque and beer mixed with his musky cologne that held a hint of sweetness .
His scent had driven me crazy all night .
I took my time to savor every detail of his bronzed flesh , tasting every inch I could reach .
But it was n’t enough .
I lifted my head from his chest and teased him with my tongue , evading his mouth as he tried to capture mine .


He panted beneath me , his chest heaved in and out , but his eyes , those crystal blue orbs stayed on me .
I was driving him crazy , and my time to be in control was running out .
I was sure the moment his wrist were free , he would take me down and return the favor .


Perfect , because that was exactly what I wanted .


I slid off his lap , down to the floor , and placed myself between his parted thighs .
I went for his belt buckle and worked quickly to free him from his jeans .
Brian ’s body shifted .
A quick peek showed him struggling to undo the twisted knot of his shirt .


Pants undone , I slipped my hand in , seized my prize , and stroked .


“ Shit … ” he bit out , his body bucked .


I let out a naughty laugh .


Free at last , Brian gripped my wrist .
“ Ca n’t have too much of that just yet . ”


He held firm while leaning down , capturing and forcing his way into my mouth .
He pulled my hands around his neck , lifted me from the floor , and dropped me down onto the bed .
The sudden change of position and the bounce on the mattress forced out a seductive laugh .
I felt so alive , so sexy and —


Oh . My . God .
He was gorgeous .


Brian stood at the edge of the bed and finished the job I started .
With a solid thump , his jeans hit the floor .
My gaze traveled over the newly exposed flesh .
Damn …


His body was more than I ’d expected .
His torso and legs were long and a well - toned set of muscles led down from his chest to his groin .
Nearly every part of him was tan .
His legs , his thighs … even his …


I ’d never suspected him of using a tanning bed , but somehow his entire body was exactly the same shade .
I had imagined a part of him being lighter than the rest because of his time spent working in the summer sun .


I moved to sit up but stopped when he shook his head .


“ I want you to stay there .
Do n’t move . ”
He licked his lips and walked backward toward his dresser .
He bumped into it and turned to dig into a drawer .
He returned , holding a box of condoms and tossed it lightly onto the bed .


He studied me momentarily before dropping down to his knees , making himself at home between my legs .
Leaning on my elbows , I sat up and looked down the length of my body .
Brian smiled wickedly , leaned forward , and kissed my stomach .
Slow , methodical kisses traveled to my navel .
He dipped his tongue in and made me giggle .


The sight and sensation of him between my thighs made me ache to be free of the rest of my clothes .
Brian stopped me when I went to grab the zipper of my shorts .
He gripped my wrists and held them firm against the bed .
He dipped his head lower on my body , kissing the exposed skin of my thighs , and glided his tongue down to my knees .
He lifted my leg to his shoulder and continued to tease with fingertips and mouth .
I reached for him , but he was just out of range .


He stopped long enough to remove my shoes and socks before repeating the delicious agony on my other leg .
Both now rested on his shoulders .


“ Brian , ” I begged .
My legs were like rubber and vibrated with want , need , and desire so much I could not regain control .


“ I want you ready for me .
The moment I get you naked , I ’ m going to get inside you .
But not until you ’re ready . ”


“ I ’ m ready , I ’ m ready … ”
I wiggled my hips and tried my best to push up against him .


He was good .
No matter how much I tried to sit up or lean forward , he remained just out of reach .
I was about to go mad .


He lifted an eyebrow and removed his hands .
The only contact came from my legs resting on his shoulders .


Seconds seemed like minutes .
Minutes seemed like hours .


“ God , Brian , please … ”


Finally , he reached for the clasp of my shorts and pulled them down .
But damn it , my panties were still on .


“ Leave them , ” he said huskily , dropping my shorts on the floor .
His mouth went to my knees .
His hands slid mercilessly up the inside of my thighs and parted them .


I watched as his lips followed .
I could no longer see his eyes , only the top of his head , but man , could I feel .
His breath was ragged , his mouth hot .
At last , he came within my reach .
I slipped my fingers in his hair and held on tight while he worked his way up my body .


And then his fingers , his large , firm fingers found me and stroked .
He teased with his thumb .
I arched off the bed and dug my fingers into the tangle of his hair .


I wanted his mouth there instead .
But no , he sat up and watched me as he played my body like his guitar .


Our eyes connected , and I fought to breathe .
My mouth gaped open , inhaling his scent .
The moment he slipped a finger under the lace of my panties , I flew into ecstasy .
My body tense , I cried out his name .


He wasted no time , quickly removed the final barrier between us , and covered himself .
The weight of his body on mine when he slipped inside was beyond anything I imagined .
He filled me , every inch , and moved slowly , as if searching for the perfect rhythm .


“ Yes … yes … yes … ”


“ Is this what you want ? ”
His voice was deep in my ear , his breath labored as he moved inside me .


Unable to speak again , I answered him by tightening my legs on the backs of his thighs and pushed my hips up to meet him .
He groaned in response to the added friction of our bodies as they danced in unison .
My fingers were still in his hair , so I directed his lips back to mine and invaded his mouth with my tongue just as he invaded me .


Time no longer mattered .
Our differences did n’t matter .
The only thing that mattered was that we were two bodies moving with the same desire .


Brian pulled back , braced on his elbows , and looked deep into my eyes .
His mouth open , his face contorted with pleasure , his biceps taunt and straining from his obvious control .
I had no idea how long we stayed that way .
I just knew that it felt so good .
He slowed our rhythm and lowered his mouth to me .
And when we kissed , it was slow and hot .
It was question and demands all wrapped into one .
I moaned and let him take everything I had to give .


He released my lips and dropped his head onto my shoulder .
With one hand , he balanced his weight , obviously not wanting to crush me , but I did n’t care .
He slipped his hand past my hip and to my thigh , lifting it high on his waist .
The change in angle was mind - blowing .
And this time , when he moved , it was n’t slow .


“ I want you to come , ” he said , his voice hoarse .


He released my leg and reached for my bottom , lifting me off the bed and pounded into me .


Tears of ecstasy leaked from the corners of my eyes as I held on for the ride .


I tried my best to meet him stroke for stroke until my body tensed , clamping down on the point where we were connected , and let go .
All breathing stopped , all thinking ceased .
I could feel him deep inside of me and hear his breath catch as he followed my release and let loose something that sounded like a growl as he collapsed on top of me .


My heart raced .
The ability to breathe came back .
The ability to see beyond the flashing white lights behind my eyes remained impossible .


Weakened , my arms and legs fell free from his body like rubber .
I had n’t felt this good in more than just months .
I had n’t felt this good … ever .


There was more going on here .
I could feel it in the way we ’d made love .
I could see it in his eyes when he ’d watched me .


Oh , shit .


* Chapter 16 Chapter 16 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 16


_ * * Brian * * _


I expected it to be like this .


The lack of feeling in my legs , feet , and inability to think straight , oh yeah .


The only thing I could feel was the heat radiating from her body .
Every part of her was slick with sweat and inviting .


Ebony felt so damn good .


Having her for the first time was way better than I imagined it could be .


Too weak to move , my weight settled on her body .
My first thought was she could n’t breathe .
She ’d been holding me with her arms and legs , but they fell away the moment I collapsed .


“ Are you all right ? ”
My thick voice sounded foreign in my own ears .


“ Oh , yes . ”
Her reply came out a sexy snake - like drawl .


My face rested between her neck and shoulder .
The scent of charcoal from the picnic was in her hair , the smell of sex on her sweat - dampened skin .
I breathed deep to memorize the moment .


“ I ’ll move in a minute , just … give me a minute . ”


Ebony did n’t speak , but I could tell by the motion of her head that she nodded .


My heart thundered like a bass drum , and hers raced in unison against my chest .
Funny .
Lying on her like this meant our hearts were practically side - by - side , nearly one .


As my heartbeat slowed , the blood in my body flowed to the needed places once again .
Movement of any kind became doable .
I lifted my head and looked around .
We ’d managed to travel the expanse of my bed .


I pushed up on my elbows and paused , too weak to move anymore , I peered down at her .


Her hair splayed across the mattress ; her lips were full and pouty and calling my name .
I did n’t have the energy to give them what they needed .
She appeared relaxed , her eyes closed while a slight smile played on those sexy lips .
After all , she ’d been a very willing participant .
She ’d given as much as she ’d taken .


Her eyes opened just a little .
The heavily lidded chocolate wells made my heart kick back into sudden overdrive .
I wondered if she was as worn out as I was .
Either way , I ’d be ready for another round in , oh … twenty minutes .
Ten if she kept looking at me that way .


I leaned down , caressed her mouth with mine , and pulled out , immediately regretting the loss of heat from her body .
I flopped down on the available space on the bed and removed the condom .
That bit of effort cost me all the energy I ’d recovered .
I closed my eyes and drifted in the silent afterglow of sex .


Over the years , I ’d been with plenty of women .
One night stands , quickies , just because , and any other situation I could think of .
I ’d done things and had them done to me in ways that would have made the average man jealous .
None of them compared to this .
Sex with Ebony had n’t been just sex … it had been making love .


I reached up and scratched my head at the thought .


When I met Ebony , sleeping with her was my initial goal , because hell , it had been impossible to ignore a body like hers .
That night I was horny and in need of a release .
If she ’d responded to the free drink , she would have been like any other woman : a quick lay with no strings attached .
But she did n’t .


The way she ’d looked me up and down and questioned my intentions threw me way off my ordinary game and into uncharted territory .
Up for a challenge , I ’d grabbed hold and refused to let go .
The more I got to know her , the more I fantasized and lusted … until now .


And somehow in between all of this I did the unthinkable and introduced her to my life .
My music .
My family .
Since when did I start introducing women I had only known for a month to my family ?
Family was sacred .
I never brought an unknown element into the center of my life .
A rotten influence could disturb the entire balance of what gave me peace in the world .


My slice of perfection .
My slice of paradise .


My _Eve_ .


I chuckled .
My father described his relationship with my mother that way .
And yeah , I confided in him that I thought I ’d found _the one_ .
But I had no true idea what that _one_ was until now .


Never in my life had I ever been this satisfied after sex and yet still craved more .
And the more was n’t just about sex .
I wanted her smile , her company .
I wanted her to be just as important in my life as my guitar .


Anything Ebony wanted from me , she could have .
My time .
My money .
My heart .


Radiating heat in my chest had me rubbing that very spot .
Love happened for me once , and it had taken months to cultivate , not weeks .
And look how that ended .
Did I really want that kind of risk right now ?


Ebony wanted monogamy .
Done , because I was n’t sharing .
She wanted good sex , hell yeah , so did I .
And it was beyond good .


Her declaration of boyfriend / girlfriend sounded like a high - school romance compared to what I felt .
But what did it mean ?
Our first true conversation had been about _friends - with - benefits_ .
Is that what we were doing ?
I ’ m sure she would n’t have shared the label with my father .
Maybe it was just her way of telling me she wanted to have sex .


In the beginning , when she ’d made it clear she did n’t want to sleep with me , my response had been to ignore my desire and focus on developing a relationship because she intrigued me .
That did n’t remove the sexual tension ; I just kept from making advances .
And now after sex , I realized I still needed more from her .


Her mind , her body , her time .
Every part she was willing to share .


I turned my head slightly and glimpsed her relaxed form .
All that caramel skin , soft and delicious .
Mine .


“ _Mmm_ … ”


Ebony ’s moan made the blood in my body drain from one head to another .


She shifted in bed and faced me .
“ Hi . ”
She smiled .


“ Hi , yourself . ”
I could n’t keep a cocky grin off my face .
Oh yeah , I ’d given her more than she ’d expected .


We studied each other in silence .
It did n’t feel awkward at all .


Ebony reached out and brushed a finger along my jaw , then rested her hand on my chest .
Her gaze went down to my skin .


She smiled slightly .
“ You ’ve got freckles on your chest . ”
She traced them lightly .


I looked down .
Her fingers were so soft .
“ Yeah , in a few places . ”


“ I like them . ”
She bit her lip and sat up on her elbow , seemingly entranced by my skin .


Enjoying her curiosity , I folded my arms behind my head , leaving every inch of my body at her disposal .
She could have access to anything she wanted .


Her eyes traveled to the tattoos on my biceps .
I gave a half grin .
The markings on my skin always seemed to fascinate the women I ’d been with .
Somehow , they wanted to equate them with power or something else stupid .


She studied them intently .
“ What do they mean ? ”


Usually I made up some ridiculous story to entertain .
But not this time .
That was a first .


“ I surf a lot .
When I was in college , I made my way to Hawaii for a weekend with some friends .
It was an awesome time to go .
The waves were rough and wild , perfect for what we were doing .
Anyway , there was one killer break none of us seemed to get hold of .
After hours of trying , I finally did it .
To celebrate , I decided to get a tattoo .


“ There was this really old man who worked in the tattoo parlor .
When I showed him what I wanted , he frowned and said it was not the one for me .
At first I was pissed , but then he explained .
He said , ‘ Marking your body is a sacred thing .
A tattoo represents what is dear to you .
Do n’t waste time doing something you will regret when you get older . ’
He then removed his shirt and showed me some of the most amazing artwork I ’d ever seen .
His arms , chest , back … all of his markings told the story of his life .
I made the decision right then and there my tattoos would mean something . ”


I smiled as Ebony retrieved the pillow from the floor , folded it , and rested her head on her arms to listen to my tale .


“ I was just twenty - one then , still wet behind the ears — no pun intended — and did n’t have much of a story to tell .
So he asked me what meant the most to me in my life .
I told him , and he designed this . ”
I pulled my arm from behind my head and flexed my biceps .
“ This is a shark and represents adaptability and strength .
The dolphin , ” I moved my arm and pointed , “ represents joy and friendship .
Here is wind , which is protection and fertility .
And my favorite , ” I adjusted my arm again , “ is the turtle .
This is for family and life . ”


I watched her eyes travel over the black figures .
“ They are beautiful , Brian . ”
She glanced at my other arm and her eyebrows furrowed .
“ But why do you have two of them ? ”


“ This one , ” I indicated my right arm “ is for my family .
My parents , sisters , cousins , and everyone I hold dear . ”
I held up my other arm .
“ But this set , the one closest to my heart , represents my future family . ”


Ebony laughed lightly .
“ Family to come , huh ?
You like to plan in advance , do n’t you ? ”


“ You ’ve got to have a plan in order to get what you want out of life .
You ’re doing a good job with the plan you have . ”


“ Yeah , and it ’s a lot of work .
I ’ve enjoyed every opportunity , too .
But I ca n’t wait for this year to be over .
I want school behind me , so I can focus on my job .
I ’ve got so much information waiting to get put to use , but I ca n’t do it yet . ”
She turned to lie on her back .


I narrowed my eyebrows and watched her sigh .
“ What ’s wrong ?
I thought you got to do a lot .
I mean , you do more than shovel crap all day , right ? ”


She chuckled .
“ Yeah , I assist the head veterinarians when they do routine physicals on the animals . ”


“ That sounds good . ”


“ Yeah , _sounds_ is the operative word .
When I assist , my job is to stand there with a chart in my hand , taking notes about animal weight or medication .
Nothing hands - on just yet . ”
She rolled her eyes .
“ Okay , that ’s not completely true .
I do some hands - on , but it ’s only with the little animals .
I want to work with the big ones — lions , elephants , panda bears — for crying out loud . ”


“ Stuck with the baby orangutan , huh ? ”


“ I would n’t say stuck .
I love taking care of her .
She ’s fragile and small .
Her mother was sick and dying .
It forced the vets to do a cesarean on her in order to save the infant .
She was born too soon , but Nala is a fighter .
She ’s just a month old and has packed on a few pounds as well as started to develop like other infants of her species . ”


Her eyes lit up as she spoke .
For the first time I noticed the way the tip of her nose wiggled when she got excited .
That was endearing .


“ But now I wonder if … ”
The twinkle in her eye dimmed .


“ What ? ”


She sighed heavily before turning back to face me .
“ I ’ve worked my ass off for the opportunity for the full - time position next year , but sometimes I wonder if something is going to happen to change things .
I mean , I get along with everyone .
I always get to work on time and stay late even when not on the clock .
I volunteer for the shitty assignments — ” She smiled a little when I laughed .
“ Ha , ha , I do n’t mean literally . ”


“ Yes , you do , admit it .
There ’s no shame in shoveling shit .
We all have to some time . ”


“ Seems like I do a lot of it when I ’ m with you . ”
Ebony nudged my chest .
“ Seriously , I saw something last month that ’s got me worried .
My mentor , Doctor Jacobs , has been aiding me since I started volunteering , taking me under his wing .
He ’s always been willing to answer any questions I ’ve had .
He ’s even shared information I never would have known to ask .
Recently , he loaned me a stack of books along with detailed notes from his senior year in college .
They ’re for the same classes I ’ll be taking this fall .
He wants me to get the job . ”


I felt my eyebrows knit together , suddenly territorial .
“ He has n’t tried to make a move on you , has he ? ”


“ What ?
No , no . Okay , once , but nothing happened . ”
She waved it off .


“ So what ’s the problem ? ”


“ Well , I walked into a supply closet for some toilet paper and found him in there with his pants down around his ankles and the new intern on her knees . ”


Blood shot straight to my groin and my attention went immediately to her mouth .
I wondered what her mouth would feel like ─


“ I slammed the door and hurried out of there . ”


I shrugged , forcing my attention away from her mouth and checked the time .
Twenty minutes would be over soon .
As much as I wanted to listen to what she had to say , I wanted to be inside her again .


“ They were coworkers .
Sex in the work place is nothing new . ”


One of her eyebrows cocked .
“ He ’s in his fifties , and the girl is just nineteen . ”


“ Oh . ”


“ Exactly .
The zoo has a strict no - fraternization policy , but so does every job .
It still happens .
If no one reports it , then it ’s not a problem .
It was n’t my first time walking in on a couple who decided to take private time on the clock .
Honestly I could n’t care less .
The age difference is a little creepy , but she ’s legal so it ’s not a crime . ”
She paused and took a deep breath .
“ The problem is he pulled me to the side an hour later and told me he ’s worried about his job and has two kids in college to support . ”


“ Hold up , he was getting waxed by a girl the same age as his kids ? ”
I grimaced .
“ That ’s gross . ”


Ebony shuddered beside me .
“ Tell me about it .
It gets worse ; the girl was his daughter ’s best friend .
He got her the job as a volunteer over the summer . ”


I whistled .
“ Damn . ”


“ So he pulls me to the side and begs me not to tell anyone and promises to make me a shoo - in for the full - time position next year if I keep my mouth shut .
He can do it , he ’s on the board in charge of who gets hired and fired . ”


Wow .
Who knew there could be that much drama at the zoo ?
“ What did you say ? ”


“ I would have told him to screw himself , but it had already been done , ” she muttered .


I howled .


“ I told him I was n’t interested .
I worked hard to get where I am and did n’t need his help to make it .
What he did is his business and not to get me involved . ”


I nodded .
“ I would have done the same thing . ”


She looked at me , chewing on her lip .
“ The only problem is now I ’ m worried he ’s going to try and hold it against me and mess up my chances .
Since then , he ’s been keeping a closer eye on everything I do , as if he ’s waiting for me to screw up so he can have something to hold against me in case I change my mind .
Work was stressful enough with the competition between the five interns for two positions . ”


I reached for her bottom lip and pulled it from between perfect teeth .
“ Stop .
If anyone ’s going to chew on your lip , it ’ll be me . ”
She shook her head and grinned .
“ Do n’t sweat it .
You ’re good at what you do , and he knows it .
If he did n’t believe you were capable of doing the job , he would n’t be interested in your education .
There ’s no real need for him to try and find something to hold against you .
You ’ll be able to get the job without his help .
It sounds as if he ’s trying to find something to hold over your head , just in case you change your mind .
Do n’t worry about it . ”
Unable to resist the plump pink flesh still glistening from her tongue , I leaned in to kiss her lip .


“ _Hmm_ . ”
Her eyes opened slowly .
“ You are so supportive .
That ’s one of the reasons why I like being with you . ”


Instead of answering , I kissed her again .
Man , could she kiss .
Before meeting her , I preferred kissing other places than just mouths .
Lips had always seemed like a formality .
The real action came when I focused on other parts of the body .
With Ebony , kissing was pure pleasure , an opportunity to explore and plunder .


I pulled back and ran my finger along her flawless skin .
“ None of the guys you ’ve dated have supported your career ? ”


“ No .
The last guy decided he wanted a family immediately , which meant I would have to quit seven years of college , become his wife , and start popping out babies . ”
She scoffed .
“ That was n’t about to happen . ”


“ You do n’t want a family ? ”


“ Of course , I do , when the time is right .
_That time_ is n’t right now .
Once I finish school , it ’s going to take a few years to establish myself in my field .
The strain of a relationship mixed with a new career is n’t the right way to start a family .
So children are not in the works for me , not right now . ”


“ So what about us ?
What exactly are we doing ? ”
I lay back on the bed while Ebony sat up .
She looked down at me , her perfect breasts jiggled from her movements .


“ I ’ m not sure .
What do you want ? ”


Narrowing my eyebrows , I reached up , pushed stray hairs away from her face , and tucked them behind her ear .


“ I want you , but not just like this .
I want this to be more than just sex .
I promise there will be no one but you .
I ’ll be here for you whenever you need me , for support , conversation .
Sex . ”
I jogged my eyebrows .


Ebony laughed .
“ You ’re not looking for anything else right now ? ”
Her gaze shot over to my tattoo .


“ In time , but for now , this is what I want .
Can you handle it ? ”


She made a show of deep thought .
“ Yes , I can , because I want the same . ”
She leaned down and kissed me .


Oh yeah , she definitely wanted the same thing .
Ebony wasted no time straddling me .
I gripped her hips as she settled down .
I would have rather she just climbed aboard , but there was no protection in place .
Her hands rested on my chest as she stared down .


“ I could get used to this . ”


“ Me , too . ”
I slid my fingers over her beautiful bare skin .
“ So what are you waiting for ? ”


Her smile was sexy as hell as she leaned down and brought her mouth to mine .
Time for round two .


* Chapter 17 Chapter 17 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 17


_ * * Ebony * * _


Leaving Brian ’s bed behind had been hard .
Over the last few weeks , we ’d talked on the phone and gone out on several dates .
I ’d spent the night at his place and he at mine .
But it was n’t enough .


Brian made me laugh and challenged my mind .
Since being with him , my outlook on life had changed .
Between white women giving me the evil eye and black men glaring at Brian , it opened my eyes to the ignorance in the world .


I had never been one to disapprove of other ’s relationship choices .
Yet , I never would have imagined choosing differently for myself .
Despite the difference in skin color , our relationship was just like any other .
We had our likes and dislikes , things neither of us could relate to , and disagreements .
None of those things changed the deeper feelings I had developed for him .


My biggest problem was not being able to stop thinking about him while at work .
The memory of the way his hands felt on my body and the way he watched me when we made love were hard to put aside .
I often found myself daydreaming instead of focusing on my job .


“ Ebony , check the weight of the baboon , it seems off , ” Dr . Jacobs said , annoyance flashing over his face .
He continued to examine the chart .
“ The calculation has to be exact before administering the antibiotic . ”


“ I ’ m sorry .
I ’ll take care of it right away . ”
I hurried back to the holding pen where the baboon in question rested until the sedative administered before his physical wore off .


I felt my former mentor ’s eyes on me .
A miscalculation was n’t good .
I had assisted Dr . Jacobs many times during exams because he trusted my eye for detail .
After refusing to accept his offer and promise to keep his affair secret , he ’d watched my every move .
I could n’t give him reason to push me out of the program .


I focused on my job and pushed thoughts of Brian aside .
Moments like this were one of the reasons why I had never rushed into emotional attachments .


Eventually , it was my turn to take care of Nala .
For the past two months , she had received around - the - clock care of being bathed , diapered , and bottle - fed .
The hours spent doing those tasks reminded me why having kids would not be in my immediate future .
I enjoyed caring for her as part of my job .
But would I have it in me to do my job and then come home to care for my own child ?
And what about during the day ?
I paid attention when my sister spoke of the cost of daycare service for my niece .
The thought gave me chills .


Then it dawned on me .
I had n’t worried about pregnancy in months .
Patrick and I did n’t have sex all the time .
Our hectic schedules kept us too busy to spend a lot of time in bed .


My relationship with Brian was very different .
We took every available chance to see each other .
The way we made love , not using any birth control would never be an option .
I made a mental note to visit my doctor and review my birth control options .


I had Brian on the brain again when my cell phone rang .
Thank God I was at home .
A check of the caller ID revealed my sister ’s name on the screen .


“ Lashana , how are you ? ”


“ I ’ m good , baby girl .
We have n’t heard from you in a while .
What ’s going on ?
You have n’t been bitten by a lion , have you ? ”


I laughed .
Lashana had been one of my biggest supporters when I decided to become a vet , even though she did n’t like wild animals .


“ No , I have n’t worked with the big cats yet . ”


She groaned .
“ I ’ll never understand your fascination with those things .
As far as I ’ m concerned , black people and lions do n’t mix .
You all should both go back to Africa , so he can chase you up a tree … it ’s the natural order of things . ”


I shook my head at her ludicrous comment .
“ And where will you be ?
Carrying a bucket on top your head ? ”


“ Hell no .
I ’ m fine right here at home in the air conditioning , drinking a glass of wine .
I said y ’ all because you ’re crazy . ”


That was my sister .
We ’d grown closer as we aged .
For the longest time I thought no other woman would be as forthcoming with her thoughts .
Until I met Yasmine .
She was my sister to the tenth degree .


“ Why have n’t you called Momma ?
She ’s been dying to call you for the past few weeks .
I ’ve been keeping her preoccupied to give you some breathing room . ”


“ Thanks . ”
She ’d been running interference since my move to California .
Seven years had passed , and my mother still had a hard time accepting my choice .


“ We expected you to call on the Fourth of July .
That was how long ago ? ” she asked pointedly .


“ I was preoccupied at the time . ”
Thoughts of lying in Brian ’s arms that night made me smile .


“ Translation , you were doing the horizontal mambo with Patrick .
Did n’t you guys break up ? ”


“ We did , months ago .
He ’s getting married , by the way . ”


“ Damn .
Okay , ” she drawled .
“ If it was n’t him then it was someone else .
Come on .
Let it out .
It ’s my job as big sister to make sure you ’ve got your head on straight . ”


“ I do have my head on straight . ”


“ Oh , you ’re snippy .
Interesting .
Do n’t hold back , girl , spill the beans . ”


I closed my eyes and rubbed the bridge of my nose .
It does n’t matter what she or anyone else in my family thought .
Yeah right .
“ His name is Brian .
He plays in a band . ”


“ Okay … ”


“ He owns a lawn maintenance business and plans to get hired working for a recording studio soon . ”
I cursed silently .


There was no reason for me to try and convince her of anything .
Talking up Brian ’s attributes would never make a difference to my family .
He could be a millionaire , and they ’d still have something to say about his race .
But then again …


“ Let me get this straight .
He ’s in a band .
He cuts grass for a living , and his dream job is to work in a studio ?
How old is this guy ? ”
She laughed through the phone .
“ He sounds straight out of high school .
Not to mention , you ’re studying to be a doctor , well not a human doctor , but still .
You need someone who ’s more on your level .
A real professional . ”


Her comments set my teeth on edge .
Brian ’s career choice made no difference to me .
He worked hard and was good with everything he did .
He had goals and was on his way to meeting them .
That ’s what mattered to me .


My family seemed to believe my ideal man would have a well - paying job .
And be black .


“ And what black man does that ? ” she continued .
“ Would n’t he be out trying to be a rapper ? ”


“ He ’s white , Shana . ”


I could practically hear the crickets from back home chirping through the phone .


“ Did you say I ’ m right ?
Something must be wrong with the connection because it sounded like you said he was white . ”


“ Brian is white . ”
I steeled myself for her retort .


“ Oh . Hell . No .
What are you doing messing with a white guy , Ebony ?
Are you crazy ? ” she hissed .


“ No , I ’ m not crazy .
I ’ m just …
Brian ’s a really nice guy .
I decided to give him a chance . ”


“ Give him a chance ?
You slept with him , did n’t you ? ”


“ That ’s none of your business , Shana .
The way you ’re acting right now is why I did n’t bother telling you in the first place . ”
I fought to keep my voice down .
Why waste time getting upset ?


“ Excuse me … you have noticed racism still exists , right ?
What good is being with a white man going to do for you ?
I could understand if he had a good job and made a lot of money , but damn , he sounds as broke as you .
And , oh , God , what if you got knocked up ? ”


I wanted to scream .
“ He ’s not going to knock me up .
I ’ m being safe . ”


The line went quiet .
“ I ’ m calling Trevon . ”


“ What does he have to do with this ? ”


Lashana did n’t answer , only clicked over and left me on a dead line .


I ’d long since gotten off the bed and paced back and forth across my room .
I was too close to blowing a blood vessel .


“ Hello ?
Ebony , is everything okay ? ”
Trevon ’s deep voice broke the silence .


I had n’t heard my twin ’s voice in months .
We emailed each other all the time , but catching each other on the phone proved difficult due to the time zone differences and our work schedules .
I worked during the day , and he worked at night .


“ No , everything is _not_ okay , ” Lashana ’s aggravated voice broke in .


“ Yes , it is , Tre , I do n’t know why she called you .
It ’s not going to make me change my mind , ” I said .


“ So nobody ’s hurt or dying , right ? ” he asked .


“ No , ” I said .


“ Our sister ’s has lost her damn mind , ” Lashana said .


I exhaled loudly .
“ I have not lost mind .
I ’ m a grown woman , and I can date anyone I damn well please . ”


“ Whoa , whoa , will somebody please tell me what the hell is going on with the two of you ? ”


“ Your twin is dating a white man , ” Lashana interjected .


“ We ’ve been seeing each other for a while , but it ’s not that serious . ”
Yet .


“ Really ?
But you ’ve slept with him , ” she retorted .


“ You slept with Tony on your second date ! ”
I threw back at her .
“ Do n’t try to call me a _ho_ . ”


“ Ladies . ”
Trevon chuckled .
“ Calm down .
Man , this reminds me of home .
I always refereed .
First of all , nobody ’s a _ho_ , though , Shana , Eb ’s got you there . ”


“ Oh , grow up , ” she said sourly .


“ I have , quite nicely .
Now , let me get this straight , Eb , you ’ve gone white ? ”


I pinched the bridge of my nose , attempting to kill the headache threatening to emerge .
“ Yes .
He ’s a good man , better than some knuckleheads I ’ve been with since moving here .
He took me to meet his family over the holiday at his parents ’ house — ”


“ Oh , God , ” Lashana mumbled .


“ They have no problem with our relationship , ” I added quickly .
“ Especially his sisters .
Sorry I ca n’t say the same of my own . ”


“ I find that hard to believe , ” she said .


“ Are you serious about this guy ?
Does he treat you right ? ”
Trevon had remained silent during our verbal sparring .


I knew then Trevon was on my side .
He always understood me .
Even as children , he always had my back .


“ Yes , I would n’t be with him if he did n’t .
To be honest , I have no idea where this could go .
Marriage is n’t what either of us is looking for .
I like spending time with him because he ’s not domineering and does n’t expect me to live up to his expectations .
He can put up with my mouth — ”


“ He must be the silent type , ” Lashana muttered .


“ No , he ’s the likes - the - way - I - talk - and - gives - it - right - back - to - me type . ”
I chuckled .
“ He ’s persistent , that ’s for sure .
He kept after me even when I told him no .
And he ’s a hard worker , not a slacker at all .
He does n’t use his love of music as an excuse not to work in the meantime .
He ’s realistic about what he wants and is supportive of my dreams .
That ’s what I love most about him . ”


“ Love ? ”
Lashana sighed .
“ Look , Eb , I bet the guy is a good catch for someone , just not you .
You do n’t have to settle for the first man who smiles at you and says nice things . ”


“ He ’s the first man who ’s appreciated what I ’ m doing with my life and has n’t tried to change me , which is exactly what Patrick wanted to do .
He supported me as long as he got what he wanted .
When he wanted more , he demanded I waste my education and stay home to bear his children .
I had to draw the line . ”


“ I did n’t know .
Why did n’t you tell me ? ”
Lashana sounded hurt .


“ I told you what you needed to know .
Brian ’s not like him at all . ”


“ Sounds as though you ’ve got your mind made up , ” Trevon said .


“ Yeah , I guess I do . ”


“ Have you thought about what Mom and Dad are going to say when they find out ? ”
Lashana tried again .


“ Yes , and honestly , I ’ m scared .
But this is my life , not yours or theirs .
Shana , when you found Tony , you did n’t let what Mom or Dad said stop you . ”


“ It ’s not the same .
At least he ’s black . ”


Trying to convince her any further was a waste of time .
She ’d come around … eventually .


“ Well , sis , I ca n’t say I ’ m surprised .
Did n’t I tell you it would happen when you moved to L.A. ? ”
Trevon asked .


“ What do you mean ? ”


“ That you ’d find your Mr . Ed . ”
He began laughing .


I groaned .
“ Not that stupid joke again . ”


“ What is knucklehead talking about ? ”
Lashana asked .


“ White horse , white man , she ’s a vet …
Mr .
Ed … ”
Trevon reminded her .


“ Oh , please . ”
Lashana lost the battle to keep from laughing .


I joined in . “ Tre , you ’re dead wrong . ”


We laughed before silence descended on the line again .


“ Look , guys , I do n’t expect you to understand why I ’ m dating Brian , and I ’ m not asking for your approval .
This is who I ’ m with right now , and it works for me .
Just do me a favor .
Do n’t tell Mom or Dad . ”


“ What ? ”
Lashana said .


“ I ’ m serious , Shana .
I ’ll deal with telling them in my own time .
Right now I want to see where this goes .
Until then … ”


“ Your secret ’s safe with me , Eb .
Just make sure you ’re happy .
If this guy does one thing to hurt you , I ’ m on the next flight out of Atlanta to kick his ass . ”


“ Shana ? ”


There was a moment of unintelligible mumbling on the line .


“ Fine , but this does n’t need to go on forever .
Do n’t wait until you decide to marry the guy before telling them . ”


“ Thanks .
Marriage is nowhere in my future .
For now , I ’ m satisfied with not being alone . ”


* Chapter 18 Chapter 18 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 18


_ * * Brian * * _


“ Today was one of the longest days in my life , baby .
I thought I ’d be too tired to make it over here . ”


“ I ’ m glad you did , ” Ebony said , her smile audible in her voice .


We sat in the living room in her house .
Remnants of our dinner — a nearly empty pizza box and soda cans — littered the coffee table .
I sat on the floor in between her legs while she massaged the tension of the day out of my shoulders .
This was heaven .


“ Oh yeah , right there . ”
I angled my head , giving her complete access to my aching muscle .


“ Right here ? ”
She kissed my ear lobe .


A lazy wave of desire shot to my groin .
I groaned .
“ Baby , do n’t tease me .
I might be tired but — ”


“ Sorry , ca n’t control Mother Nature . ”
Her laugh was sexy .


I had the feeling she was enjoying this way too much .
“ Exactly , so do n’t add to the torture . ”


Her fingers stilled .
“ Are you saying not being able to get some is going to keep you away ? ”


I pulled away from her hands and twisted around to face her .
“ Never .
Bring those lips down here . ”


She obliged , giving me a kiss that made me wish we could do more .
“ Good answer . ”


I turned back around and sighed as she resumed the massage .


“ Hopefully Peter can come back to work tomorrow .
I would n’t have taken on these new clients if I did n’t have them working for me .
One thing is for sure , Dylan earned his keep .
We busted our asses to get all four jobs done in ten hours . ”


“ Wow , they were n’t all private customers , were they ? ”


“ No .
My new clients are an apartment complex and a small strip mall .
I ’ m beat .
It ’ll probably take the weekend to recover . ”


Despite being tired , I needed to be with her , even if our clothes stayed on .
Even though a hot shower left my body weeping for sleep , spending time with her was worth the twenty - minute drive .
Besides , I could always crash in her bed tonight .


“ Thanks . ”
I pushed my aching bones up off the floor , stretched , and sat at the opposite end of the couch .
I patted my knee ; it was my turn to reciprocate .
“ What ’s new with you ? ”


A funny look passed over her face as she rested her feet in my lap .
“ Work is okay , I guess .
I talked to my sister the other day . ”


I fought the urge to let my curiosity be obvious .
We had barely talked about her family since our first couple of dates .
She ’d made it known they probably would not approve of our relationship .
To counteract that negativity , I made sure she met mine .
My mother adored her .
Every time we talked , one of her first questions was about Ebony .
Were we still seeing each other ?
Was I happy ?
To each of those questions . my answer was a resounding yes .


“ How ’s your family ? ”
My focus stayed on her foot .


“ Okay , I guess .
The conversation dealt more about me than her . ”


I risked a glance and saw her staring down at her fingers .
Uh oh .


“ I told her about us . ”
Her gaze met mine .


“ And ? ”


“ And … she thought I had gone crazy .
She called Trevon , and well , it was a very interesting phone call . ”


Nervousness grew in the pit of my stomach .
I ’d been down this road before , and the consequences had not been good .
A fact I had yet to share .


I held my breath while she continued .


“ Trevon said he predicted I ’d end up dating a white man . ”


I furrowed my eyebrows .
“ Are you serious ?
How did that happen ? ”


Ebony ’s lips turned up .
Her eyes brightened slightly as she giggled .
“ The night before my family drove me to L.A. ,
I was in my room stuffing every article of clothing in my suitcase .
Well , he walked in as my bag popped open and my underwear fell onto the floor .
I ’ m a tomboy , remember ? ”


I nodded , giving her eyes , and her foot , my full attention .


“ The year before , Shana talked me into wearing thongs , something I hated .
Well , to my surprise — and embarrassment — thongs of a variety of colors fell onto the floor .
Tre picked up one , a white one , and made a crazy joke .
Now that I think about it , I ’d rather not repeat it . ”
Her face screwed up as if she ’d said too much .


“ Oh no , you do n’t .
You brought it up , and now you ’ve got to share . ”


“ No , never mind , it ’s stupid . ”


“ You said he predicted our relationship .
I want to know how that happened . ”


Ebony covered her face and groaned .
“ You ’re not going to let this go , are you ? ”


“ Nope . ”
I put on the most evil grin , which made her crack a smile .


“ Okay , fine , you asked for it . ”
She paused and took a deep breath .
“ Do you know who Mr . Ed is ? ”


I thought about it .
“ You mean the talking horse ?
My parents watched reruns of the show on _Nick at Night_ years ago . ”


She bit her lip .
“ Yeah , that ’s the one .
He said since I wore thongs , I would get a boyfriend named Mr . Ed because I was studying to become a veterinarian .
And since Mr . Ed was white … ”
Her voice trailed off as she chewed her lip .


“ Since the horse was white and I ’ m white , that makes me Mr . Ed ? ”


She nodded .


I laughed so hard I could barely breathe .


She snorted .
“ Are you okay ? ”


I held up a finger and nodded as I regained my breath .
“ When can I meet him ?
I like him already . ”


Ebony looked relieved .
“ Not anytime soon since he lives in Atlanta .
Unless you hurt me , then he ’ll fly out here and kick your ass . ”


That statement hit a little too close to home and quickly sobered me up .


“ Oh , man , did I say something wrong ? ”
Ebony ’s eyebrows creased as the smile left her lips .


I realized my thoughts must have been obvious on my face .


“ No , you did n’t .
Something you said reminded me of a bad dating experience , that ’s all . ”
I tried to wave it away , but the expression of concern and curiosity on her face made me reconsider .


“ About a year ago , I dated a woman , and things were going pretty good .
We ’d been seeing each other for more than six months .
Well , one evening we were standing at her door kissing .
The next thing I knew , someone grabbed me and started punching .
I fought back , thinking we were being mugged until I heard her screaming for the men attacking me to stop .
It turns out , two of her brothers decided I was n’t the right man for their little sister . ”


Her eyes widened .
“ Was she black ? ”


I nodded .
“ Apparently she had n’t told her family about us .
Somehow they got wind , and her brothers decided to take matters into their own hands .
Luckily they did n’t break anything , and I did n’t press charges .
I just wanted the chance to meet her family and talk .
She did n’t return my calls for a few days .
Then one day , she shows up at my door with a small box of things I ’d given her and told me she could n’t see me anymore .
I spent the next two weeks trying to convince her to give us another try .
I begged her to let me speak to her family .
She insisted they would n’t listen .
Then one day , she changed her cell number , and I knew it was over . ”


Ebony sat in silence .
Her voice was soft when she spoke again .
“ Did you love her ? ”


That was a tough question .
How did I tell the woman I was falling in love with I had loved someone else , not several years ago , but just last year ?


“ I ca n’t lie and say I did n’t have feelings for her .
What I feel for you is nothing like that .
You ’re so much more of a woman there is nothing to compare .
I believe things happen for a reason .
Dealing with her and her family was just a practice run before meeting you .
I ’ m glad things ended , or else I would n’t be here with you . ”


Ebony had a wary look in her eyes as she studied me .


“ It sounds corny , but I ’ m serious , baby .
I ’ m glad we ’re together .
You do n’t know how much it means to me that you shared our relationship with your family .
What did your parents have to say ? ”


“ I have n’t talked to them yet . ”


Before I could ask her why not , my cell phone rang .
I checked the caller ID .
The number was n’t one I recognized , so I chose to ignore it .
It was nearly nine p.m. and no reason for any potential clients to be calling .
But money was money .
I apologized for the interruption and hit redial .


“ Hello ? ” an unfamiliar male voice answered .


“ I missed your call . ”


“ Ah , yes .
Is this Brian Young ? ”


My business cards did n’t give my full name .
Great , a bill collector managed to get my private number .
I did n’t have many outstanding bills , but it did n’t mean I felt like negotiating a deal on what I did owe .


Too late .


“ Yeah , ” I did n’t hide the resignation in my voice .


“ Mr . Young , we ’ve never met , but I got your name from my great grandfather , Harry Lieberwitz … ”


“ The name is not familiar . ”


The man chuckled .
“ According to him , you played in a band at a dance he recently attended .
He said he was about to get lucky when you came and stole his girl . ”


Immediately the image of good old Harry at the retirement home with his hands on Ebony ’s derriere came to mind .


“ You mean Harry , the man whose hands were all over my date , ” I corrected .
A quick glance showed Ebony watching me in confusion .
I shrugged .


“ That would be him .
My name is Abe Lieberwitz .
I ’ m with B and D Records . ”


Curiosity replaced irritation .
B and D Records , a well - known label , represented several of the hottest musical acts in Southern California .


“ I ’ m putting together a promotional tour right now .
Have you heard of … ”
He rattled off a few of the artists .


“ Yeah , I ’ m a fan of their music . ”
I wiped my sweaty palms on my pants and tried to stay cool and avert Ebony ’s questioning stare .


“ Good , you ’re familiar with our sound .
I ’ m in a bind .
In a month , we ’re going on tour for twelve weeks .
We ’ll be hitting major cities in Cali , of course .
We ’re also going up north and hitting a few spots in the Northwest .
I got my band together , but my bass player broke his leg last week .
He ’s out , and I need someone ASAP . ”


This could n’t be happening , could it ?


“ Long story short , I ’ve auditioned a few guys but they do n’t mesh with the band .
My grandfather mentioned you , so I got your number from Mrs . Devero at the home .
I did some checking around , and you come highly recommended .
I ’d like for you to come audition for me . ”


Disbelief took over and made my hands numb .
The expression on my face must have been dumbstruck because Ebony gripped my knee and mouthed _what_ ?


“ Let me get this straight .
You want me to audition for a spot on a twelve - week concert tour with your record label ? ”


I stared wide - eyed at Ebony , whose hands shot to her mouth .


“ Yes .
Will that be a problem ? ”


“ Hell no …
I mean , no , not at all .
Tell me when and where . ”


“ Good , give me your email address and I ’ll send you the information .
It will include sheet music for the tour .
Be prepared to play at least two of the songs .
The members will decide which ones . ”


I stared at the phone when the call ended .
Holy shit .
The chance of a lifetime materialized out of nowhere .
Unbelievable .


“ Brian ? ”
Ebony ’s questioning eyes watched me .


I swallowed hard and relayed the entire conversation .


“ Baby , I ’ m so proud of you ! ”
She scooted across the couch , into my arms , and planted a congratulatory smack on my lips .


“ Do you know what this could mean ?
I ’ve been trying to get into those closed auditions for years .
It ’s because of you . ”


“ Me ?
I did n’t do anything . ”


I chuckled and reached for her hand .
“ Yes , you did .
Harry , from the home , is his grandfather .
He remembered me because of you .
You ’re my good - luck charm . ”
I kissed her hand and watched her blush .


Enough time had gone by so I checked my email on my Smartphone .
As promised , the email waited with attachments for the sheet music , instrumental tracks , and directions to the audition location .
Then I looked at the time .


“ Damn , ” I muttered .


“ What ? ”


“ The audition ’s tomorrow night , ” I scrolled through the downloaded information and found three files of music .
“ I ’ve got to learn all three of these songs by tomorrow evening . ”
I looked up at her .
“ I have to cancel our date for tomorrow . ”


A hint of disappointment flickered in her eyes .
“ That ’s okay , Brian .
I ’ m not mad .
This is about you . ”
She ran a slender finger over my cheek .


If I was n’t already falling in love , this would have been the moment my heart decided Ebony was the one .


“ Yeah , well , it also means I need to get started now .
I ’ve got twenty - four hours to learn these parts . ”


“ You can do it . ”
She smiled .
“ I ’ve got faith in you because my baby ’s got mad skills . ”


“ Thanks , but those skills have to be worked on all the time . ”
I looked around the living room at the pile of trash .
“ I ’ll help you clean up , and then I ’ve got to run . ”
My chest stung from regret .


“ No .
Go do what you need to do .
I ’ll handle this , but , Brian . ”
She held my head between her angel - soft hands .
“ Get some rest .
Do n’t push yourself too hard or else you ’ll be no good .
Promise ? ”


I nodded , swimming in the pools of her eyes .
Staying the night would have been the perfect end to my day .


“ Go , baby . ”
She leaned in to kiss me .
My mouth opened for hers , and I took the time to savor every drop of her essence for motivation .


She walked me to the door .


“ I ’ll call you tomorrow , okay ? ”


Ebony nodded .
“ I do n’t go in to work on Wednesday .
Let me know when you ’re done , and I ’ll come spend the night , if it ’s okay . ”


“ I ’ll be looking forward to it . ”
I kissed her quickly , headed for my truck , and resisted the urge to run .
Excitement pumped through my veins .


An opportunity had presented itself , and I was not about to let it go .
Even though it fell in my lap , I still had to work for it .


I put the truck in reverse and backed out of the driveway , but paused and saw Ebony standing in the doorway of her house , her auburn hair illuminated by the porch light .
She waved .


My goal would be to make her proud .


A sudden wave of energy ignited inside me , and all hints of tired and aching bones disappeared .
I was a man on a mission .


That job was going to be mine .


* Chapter 19 Chapter 19 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 19


_ * * Ebony * * _


Time flew by .
Brian ’s audition had been three weeks ago .
Since then we ’d hardly seen each other .


It did n’t surprise me when he announced he ’d earned the spot in the band .
I was so proud of him and wasted no time calling Lashana to brag .
She had been shocked into speechlessness after what she said about his profession .


But as time went on , he had less time for me .
Practices at various times during the night and day made it hard for us to find time to connect .
Costume fittings , show rehearsals with the artist , sound and stage crew … the list went on and on .


Even though I knew from the start the opportunity would separate us for three months , the closer we got to his date of departure , the more anxious I felt .


I , the woman who ’d been queen of having my head in a book for seven years and barely thinking about men , did not want to let him go .


Of course , we would n’t be breaking up .
The night he came back from the audition bearing the news , our relationship was the first thing we discussed .
Neither of us had done the long - distance thing , but we were determined to make it work .
I sated the both of us by saying my final year in school would be starting around the time he left .
With him gone , I could focus on starting the year off right .
I would be hitting my stride by the time he came home .


He seemed to believe me .
I pretended I would be okay .


Unfortunately , the last week became one spiraling disaster after another .


First , my part - time job at the exotic animal hospital lost one of its partners .
As a result , the remaining partner decided he no longer needed a full staff .
Since my job was temporary to earn college credits and pad my résumé , I was the first to go .


And there went my additional income for the past two years .


With fall approaching , the amount of seasonal zoo volunteers decreased .
The majority were high school and college kids .
With public school and college about to be back in session , those available spaces were filled with fresh interns who needed to be trained .
At first it seemed like a Godsend .
More hours would cover the lost income and cut back on the amount of time spent between two jobs and school .


Until my college adviser informed me that I needed more hours of experience working at an animal hospital .
In order to have the amount needed to graduate in the spring , I had to find another job doing the same thing … immediately .


Worst of all , my book allowance through my scholarship was short due to budget cuts .
I could afford all of my textbooks and supplies , except for one .
It would take at least two weeks of paychecks from the zoo for me to afford it .


Thank God I ’d been able to pay off my small car note .


I was on break at work , staring at my bank statement , bills , and note pad .
No matter how many times I blinked , there was no way to fill the amount of empty spaces in my ledger .
It was time to make an executive decision .
Ask my parents for a loan or pawn the title of my car to have enough money to buy my book and pad my account for a couple of weeks .
Decisions , decisions , decisions .


There was another option .
Brian received a signing bonus as a part of his contract with the record label .
He planned on putting the majority of it into savings and paying off a few of his debts .
He ’d asked me if I needed help with anything , and I ’d told him no . Man had things changed in a few weeks .
If I asked him for help , he ’d do it willingly .
But I did n’t want to .
I was not his wife and refused to become financially dependent .
Period .


For the past seven years , I ’d made it on my own .
There were times when things had gotten rough , but this was n’t as bad as some of the others .
This was just a setback .
I would manage .


The chime on my cell phone alerted me of a text message .
Brian sent a video of him walking around the practice room , introducing some guys in the band .
The video ended with him beaming into the camera , promising to call as soon as he could .
Seeing his enthusiasm and listening to his voice made me smile .
In no mood to send a video reply , I settled for sending a text instead .


Ask him for help , idiot .


Maybe … but for right now , I would manage .


“ Ms . Campbell , can I speak to you for a moment ? ”


Dr . Jacobs stood in the doorway of the breakroom , his expression stern .


Great , just what I needed , more stress .


I kept my sigh inaudible and gathered my things .
“ Yes , just a moment . ”
I stuffed my belongings into my locker and then followed behind him .


We walked down the long corridor beyond the restrooms , past the infamous supply closet , and stopped outside in the open air .
He apparently did n’t want anyone hearing what he had to say .


“ You will be starting fall classes soon , correct ? ”


Straight to the point , no small talk .


“ Yes , next week . ”


He nodded , adjusted his glasses on his slender nose . Dr . Jacobs was a decent man , though he lacked a lot in the looks department .
He had an over - the - belt belly that reminded me of my dad and a receding hairline .
In his day , he must have been a hell of a catch , at least to Mrs . Jacobs .
What I did n’t understand was what a nineteen - year - old college freshman saw in him .
What kind of favor did she earn by getting down on her knees for her best friend ’s dad ?


I rubbed my eyes and forced the memory away .


“ I take it you ’ve finished reading the text books I loaned you , ” he continued , pushing his glasses up on his nose .


“ Um , well … ”


“ You ’ve had sufficient time to study them , nearly three months . ”


It was more like two - and - a - half , but I was not about to correct him .


“ I need them back .
I ca n’t afford for you to be caught with them when school is in session .
Someone might think I helped you cheat . ”


“ Help me cheat ?
I ’ve never cheated — ”


“ Shh ! ”
He waved his stubby hands at me and glanced around to make sure no one was within earshot of my brief outburst .


I ground my teeth and lowered my voice .
“ Dr .
Jacobs , you ’ve known me for the last four years .
You know I would never cheat .
I never viewed your loaning me those books as a way to breeze through my classes . ”


“ Yes , well , others may not see it that way .
I need you to return them tomorrow .
The notes too , all of them .
I trust you wo n’t forget . ”
Finished , he walked back into the building .
I could have sworn there was a satisfied gleam in his eye and pep in his step .


Why the hell could n’t he understand none of his games were necessary ?
I could n’t care less who Dr . Jacobs screwed .
Two months had gone by , and I had n’t said a word .
If holding his infidelity over his head was my goal , it would have been done months ago .


Fine .
He could have his damn books back .
And every last note card .
They were outdated by twenty years anyway .
What good could they do me ?
Outdated chemistry charts and facts would not compete with the modern day methods of animal husbandry .


But deep down , it felt like I was the one getting screwed .
And it was n’t in a good way .


* * *


Sprawled out on my bed , I massaged my temples while nursing a headache .
I was too broke to afford a Coke and a smile .
My laptop sat beside me , and the job ads were open on the screen .
There were plenty of jobs that would provide the amount of money needed to stay afloat .
The only problem is none of them were animal hospitals .
Working at a gas station would not earn me the hours needed to secure the full - time zoo position .


Seven years suddenly felt like a total waste .
I had enough money to manage my expenses for at least two months without having a second job .
After that …


I did n’t want to think that far ahead for fear my brain matter would melt down to mere sludge .


Two months .
That meant if I did n’t find another job soon , by the time Brian came back , I would be getting ready to quit school .
Would n’t that be a wonderful welcome home present ?


Brian would get off the tour bus , ready to welcome me in his arms .
He would still be handsome but his clothes would smell like beer , smoke , and God knows what else happened on the bus .


Wait a minute ; he ’d better not get off the bus smelling like another woman …


If there was one thing I learned during our time together , it was this : Brian was a man of his word .
If he promised monogamy , he ’d do it .
If he wanted more or someone else , he would n’t waste either of our time .
He ’d come right out and say it .


Did I think he ’d cheat on me while he was away ?
He was a man , and all men have needs .
Somehow , deep in my heart , I did n’t think he would .
What else could I do but trust ?
If I wasted time suspecting or questioning him , the only thing I ’d do was push him down that path .
If he did stray , then somehow the truth would come out .
It always did .


Damn , one week until he left for three months .
At least he would n’t be around to watch me go into scramble mode .
It would not be pretty .
What he did n’t know would n’t affect his ability to play .
The last thing I wanted to be was a distraction in any way .


I supported his decision to go on the road , knowing how much it would boost his career .
Now , I needed to focus on mine .


My headache subsided enough to sit up and turn on the light in my darkened room .
It was nearly dusk , and Brian had n’t texted me yet .
Another sign of a long day for him .
Maybe if I focused on pleasing him for the next week , it would take away some of my own stress and help me see things from a different prospective .
Then I may be able to navigate my way through this financial mess .


I forced myself off the bed and walked to the closet .
Brian would be leaving Sunday morning .
His band planned a big farewell party at the club where they performed Saturday night .
Brian was ecstatic when he showed me one of the flyers .
The turnout promised to be bigger than any of their regular shows .
They had a large following .
The band had already found a replacement bass player , someone Brian had recommended .
On his last night at the club , he would play a few songs for old time ’s sake before officially handing over his spot on stage to the new guy .


After that , the rest of the night belonged to us .


My original plan had been to buy a slinky dress that would keep his eyes on me all night long .
His eyes never wandered when we were together , but still .


That was before I lost my part - time job .
Now …


I pushed through the clothes hangers until I reached the last one hiding in the back .
What do you know ?
The infamous dress I swore never to wear again .


The little black number that started it all .


Wearing it again would be … perfect .


* Chapter 20 Chapter 20 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 20


_ * * Brian * * _


Time had run out .


I glanced at my watch .
Ebony would be ready for me to pick her up in a few hours .
A quick shower , shave , bite to eat , and I ’d be on my way .
Oh yeah , make sure the room was straight since this was where we ’d spend the night .


I really wanted to get a hotel room , but she insisted it would be a waste of money .
Her logic made sense .
My intention was to leave with a memory of a night neither of us would forget .
But it did n’t matter where we were .
Just being together would be enough .


My clothes landed in a heap on top of my laundry basket .
I grabbed my outfit for the evening and lay it on the bed .
Black slacks , a black dress shirt , complimented by a blue - and - black tie .
I would even wear my black dress shoes for the occasion .


A glint of silver tinsel resting on my nightstand grabbed my attention .
Ebony ’s gift .
She was going to love it .
I debated all day about surprising her when picking her up , but decided tonight , when we were alone , would be the perfect time .


While in the shower , I reviewed the list of things handled in preparation for my departure .


Dylan and Peter had been working for me for months .
They knew my customers , but did n’t know the amount of work it took to run the business .
I decided to entrust Peter with the finer details and the computer software used to track the finances .
After two weeks , they were prepared .
Since neither of them owned a vehicle capable of carrying the tools required for the job , I left my truck — and the equipment in it — in their care .
Even though it cost money , I added them to my automobile and business insurance for the next few months .
I had confidence in their ability to take care of the business .
But hey , shit happened .


Upon signing with the label for the duration of the tour , I received a check .
I ’d never seen that many zeros on a piece of paper with my name on it . Ever .
After paying on some bills , like my student loan , I paid my half of the rent and utilities for the duration of my time away .
My one splurge was buying the guitar I really wanted , a sweet Fender Rodger Water ’s Precision Electric Bass Guitar .
The original price had been a breathtaking twelve hundred dollars , but I found it on sale for eight hundred , brand spanking new .


The rest went into my savings account where I ’d been squirreling away money , bit - by - bit .
As much as it took a load off of my pocket having Javan for a roommate , it was time to get my own place .
I had a future to plan .


A dog … a wife … kids .


I wanted Ebony to be my wife .
If we could make it through the next couple of months apart , we could make it when I got back .
Before I asked her to marry me , I needed something to offer her .
Getting my own place would be one of the first things I researched upon my return .


But , first things first .


I stared into the bathroom mirror and adjusted my tie .
Damn , I looked good .
I added a few shots of the cologne Ebony loved .


A knock on the doorjamb startled me .
I peered over my shoulder and saw Javan ’s hulking frame .


“ Looking good , man .
It ’s about time you picked up my sense of style .
It ’s a shame it took hooking up with a sista ’ to do it , ” he ribbed .


“ Hey , I know how to dress .
I just do n’t need to strut around like a peacock . ”


“ Oh , you ’ve got jokes . ”


I grinned and turned out the light .


Javan moved out of the way and followed me down the hall .
“ You all packed ? ”


“ Yeah , I ’ m good . ”


“ You leave on Sunday , right ? ”


“ Yep . ”
I palmed my keys and stopped in the kitchen for a bottle of water .


Javan shook his head .


“ What ? ”
I gulped the ice cold liquid .


“ All those women … man , it ’ll be _ho_ central .
I ’ m jealous . ”


I lifted an eyebrow and laughed .
“ I ’ m working , J .
Besides , I do n’t have time for anyone else .
I ’ve found the woman I want . ”


“ Ebony ? ”
He chuckled .
“ You sure about that ?
You know what they say , when the cat ’s away , the mice will play and all that shit . ”


“ Nah , I ’ m not worried .
She ’s waiting for me , and I ’ m saving it all for her . ”
I disposed of the empty bottle .


Javan eyed me for a moment .
“ A woman like her , wait ?
Yeah , right .
I ’ll tell you what ; I ’ll keep an eye on her while you ’re gone .
Believe me … she ’ll be well taken care of . ”


Every muscle in my body went on alert .
I turned slowly and faced him .
“ What did you just say ? ”


“ I said , do n’t worry .
I ’ll keep an eye out , you know , in case Ebony needs anything .
Damn , man , what did you think I meant ? ”


I studied Javan ’s eyes for any reason why I should n’t trust him .
Yeah , he ’d made hints of wanting to get with Ebony , but he ’d backed off when he learned we were a couple .
We ’d even double dated with him and Yasmine several times .
Ebony did n’t let on that he still bothered her .


I could n’t find a hint of deception .
It was probably my possessiveness , making a simple comment into something more .
“ Guess I misunderstood you . ”


“ You got that right .
I ’ll be gone tonight so you love birds can swing from the rafters if you need to . ”
He grinned .


That solidified it .
I needed my own place , even if it was an apartment .


“ Thanks . ”
I glanced at my watch .
“ Gotta go . ”
I shook his hand and left .


My foot was a lead weight on the way to Ebony ’s place .


By the time I rang her doorbell , the anticipation of seeing her again had driven me crazy .
The front porch light came on , door opened , and my love stood illuminated by the light .


My heart stopped beating , and my body went into full attention .
How was it possible after I ’d seen , touched , kissed , and lusted over every glorious part of her naked body that it felt like I was seeing her for the first time ?


Her auburn hair sat high off her shoulders and hung in springy spirals , which framed her lovely face .
She wore the same black strapless number she ’d worn the night we met , leaving my eyes free range to travel across her delicious throat , to the necklace that was a constant decoration , and over ample cleavage .


I loved the way the black liquid fabric hugged every inch of her body .
It felt like I had x - ray vision and could see through the silky material .
I would never be able to forget the image of her chocolate nipples , and her taste forever imprinted on my tongue .


I allowed my eyes to wander farther down , past the midpoint of her thigh where the dress ended .
Black strings wrapped around sexy calf muscles and down to her barely - there heels .


“ Tonight , I only want you wearing the necklace and nothing else . ”
I let my eyes roam over her body again .
“ Well , you can keep on the heels . ”


Her naughty laugh made me grip the doorframe to keep from carrying her up to her bedroom and making it happen now .


* * *


At the club , we were in the center of VIP .
The guys toasted my success and promised tonight ’s performance would be memorable .
Ebony stood in front of the crowd and danced for me as I played .
It was like déjà vu except this time the sexy woman on the dance floor was going home with me .


Finally , we were back at my place .
True to his word , Javan had left the house to us .


In my room , I turned on music to set the mood .
Not like either of us needed it .
Tonight , I was letting her take the lead .
She was the director of the beautiful music our bodies would make .
I was the instrument waiting to be taken into her arms and played .


“ It appears you have everything packed , ” she commented , studying the bags resting in the corner .


“ I ’ m ready .
Though , honestly , the most important thing is my guitar ; it ’s the money maker . ”


She faced me , her leg set at an angle making her luscious hip pop .
“ I would have thought your hands were the money maker . ”


I chuckled .
“ Put the two together … ”


She pursued her lips .
“ True .
I can think of other places where your hands are much appreciated . ”


“ Really ? ”
I tilted my head and watched her .


An inviting smile shaped her lips as she walked slowly toward my large suitcase and slid the zipper open .
“ Would you like me to show you ? ”


“ I can figure it out . ”


Her seductive laugh shot straight to my groin .


She pulled the lid open and peered inside .
“ Looks like you ’re missing something . ”


Before I could ask her what it was , she made a move that left me speechless .


With slow mesmerizing movements , Ebony lifted the hem of her dress , revealing a sexy pair of underwear .
Red lace sat between her shapely thighs with edges as thin as a shoestring .
Then , her fingers slid smoothly over the material , gripped the edges , and pulled them down .
I followed their journey , memorizing every seductive movement .
When it reached her ankles , she steadied herself on the edge of the suitcase and kicked them over her heels .
The thong disappeared in a compartment of my bag .
Once it was zipped , she shimmied her hips , smoothing the dress back in place .


“ That ’s so you do n’t forget about me . ”


“ Oh , baby , there ’s no way I ’ m going to forget about you . ”


She smiled and walked toward me , her hips swaying to the rhythm of the music .
I loved watching her walk .


When she reached me , she put her hand on my chest and nudged me until I started walking backward .
We stopped when my back hit the door .


She bit her lip and began unfastening my belt .


Oh yeah .
Time to play .


I unfastened my tie and the buttons of my shirt .
After the third button , I pulled the thing over my head .
The shirt and the tie landed somewhere on the floor .
Her mission accomplished , Ebony sunk down on the floor , taking my pants and briefs with her .
Oh yeah .


She started at my navel and worked her way down , running her nails along my thighs .
I ran my hand over her hair and removed the pins .
The curls fell lazily around her face , not that I could see it because she was busy working my anatomy like a pro .


“ Damn , you ’re good , ” I gritted my teeth and lay my head back against the wall .


My breath caught and my body quivered .
I fought to focus on something to keep from losing it too soon , yet enjoy the pleasure she gave me .
Multiplication tables , the theme song to _Sesame Street_ … grandma wearing a bathing suit .


Soft caresses with her hands and mouth alternated with the strokes of a master .
She was good at this .
If it were n’t for the support of the door behind me , I would have been down on my knees .


The list of things I would miss grew exponentially .
Every last one of them had to do with Ebony .
All of them were n’t about sex , but this was somewhere near the top .


All too soon , she rose to her feet , her lips trailing my abs with her hands in the lead .
The moment she reached my neck , I placed my hands in her soft hair and kissed the hell out of her .


Her moan went down my throat and into me .


“ Turn around , ” I commanded .


She did , and I reached behind her and slid my lips over the side of her neck .
I nipped and teased her while pulling the silky skintight fabric of her dress down , freeing her breasts .
I unhooked the strapless bra and dropped it on the floor .
Her breasts free , I palmed the voluptuous weights in my hands , running fingers over firm nipples .
She arched , pushing them against my fingers .


She moaned her pleasure when my fingers left the first stop of the night and ended at the hem of her dress .
Sliding it up , I revealed her perfectly round ass already free of its constraints .
I gripped her hips , pulled her against me , and teased .


“ Oh yes … ” she moaned .


I loved the sexy sound of that word as it rolled off her tongue .


“ Do you like the way this feels ? ”
I whispered in her ear .


“ Yes … ” she purred , her body moving in time with mine , forming a rhythm of our own .


She angled her head for a kiss , our tongues mating … tasting … taunting .


I slipped my hand to the place I called home .
Ebony shuddered in my hand , ripe and ready .


Without pulling away , I walked her toward the bed .
When we reached it , she bent forward and assumed the position .


And then I saw it .


A blue winged butterfly was etched into her hip .


I ran my finger over the tattoo lightly .
We had n’t been together in one , long , agonizing week .
The new mark had nearly healed .


“ I got it last week .
Do you like it ? ”


Did I like it ?
Was she kidding ?
It was as seductive as hell .
I leaned over and ran my lips over it .


“ It ’s perfect , ” I murmured and continued the journey over to her spine and up her back .
We ’d discuss the beauty of it later .
Right now , I was on a mission .


Her hips swayed , her body called my name .
I answered without hesitation and gave her what we both wanted .
In one fluid push , we were one .
Her body rocked against me while I gripped her hips and slid deep inside over and over again .


Forget her ?
That was impossible .
I ’d never forget the woman who not only rocked my world , but was also my world , my rock , my inspiration , my heart .


My one and only _Eve_ .


Tonight , I was determined that she not only hear how much I loved her , but she would also feel it , too .


All .
Night .
Long .


I did n’t need to sleep ; I could do that on the bus .


It did n’t take long for her body to spasm as she cried out my name .
Damn , I was going to miss that .
I needed to hear it again , so I pulled out , turned her around , and lay her down .
I continued to give her what she wanted , and take what I needed .
I memorized every moan , every gasp , and every sound our bodies made as we slapped against each other , storing it for the long , lonely nights ahead .


When she came again , her body pulled me along for the erotic ride .
When it was over , I panted , riding the euphoric wave .


Yeah , no way in hell I ’d ever be with another woman .


Ebony collapsed back on the bed .
Exhausted , I positioned my body beside her .
We faced each other .
She had no idea how desirable she was after sex .
The way her eyelids hung low from gratification , her parted lips as she panted , her once well - put together hairdo mangled beyond recognition .


“ Hey , you still have the dress on , ” I reached over to grasp the fabric bunched above her hips and below her breast .
“ Your necklace and heels were the only things you were supposed to be wearing . ”


A laugh of satisfaction came from her sexy lips .
“ You should have pulled it over my head . ”
She nodded at me .
“ You still have on pants , socks , and shoes . ”


Resting on my back and still unable to sit up , I kicked my feet .
The weight of the fabric and shoes were hard to miss .
“ Oh ? ”
I wagged my eyebrows , which caused her to laugh again .
I pulled together enough strength to toe off my shoes , kick off the pants , and dispose of the condom .


“ Oh shit . ”


“ What ? ”


There was no condom .
I ’d just made love and emptied every ounce of me inside of her without protection .


“ I screwed up … ”


Ebony looked down at my empty hands .
When she looked back , her eyes were wide with horror .


“ Baby , I ’ m sorry , I — ”


She held her hand up and silenced me .
Not good .
I slapped my forehead .
This could not be happening .
I was about to leave town in a few hours .
I wanted to give her a night to remember , not leave her pregnant .


“ I ’ m sorry , Ebony .
I was n’t thinking … ”


“ Me neither . ”
She sat up on the bed and gripped the fabric pooled around her hips .


I sat up to join her .


“ It ’s not your fault , I usually check to make sure we ’re safe but … damn it , Brian , I wanted you . ”


“ Baby , ” I reached for her hand , “ I was n’t trying to get you pregnant . ”


She nodded , but did n’t speak , her eyes focused on the other side of the room .


I studied her face , worry taking over .
I stroked the back of her hand with my thumb .
“ Ebony , baby , talk to me . ”


“ I ’ m not on birth control . ”


My eyes widened .
“ What ? ”


Her eyes closed .
“ It makes me sick .
I have n’t been on anything for the past year .
I was supposed to see my doctor to discuss my options , but I ’ve been so busy with school , work , and looking for another job … ”
She faced me , eyes wet with tears .
“ We ’ve always been careful , Brian .
I ’ m sorry .
I was n’t trying to trap you or — ”


I wiped her tears .
“ I know . ”


Damn .
All it took was one time to get her pregnant .
Never once did I ask if she was on birth control .
I did my part in protecting us both by making sure we always had condoms .
Tonight , I ’d lost all control and look at what happened .


“ How long will it take before you know for sure ? ”


Ebony ran a hand over her face and sniffed .
“ There ’s a test , but I have to wait to see if I miss my period .
That wo n’t be for another two weeks . ”


“ Okay .
Tell me what you need , and I ’ll pay for it .
Just — ”


Before I could finish , she got up from the bed , pushed the fabric over her hips , and kicked it into a corner of my room .
She dug into the dresser and pulled out my old baseball jersey she slept in when she stayed over .
Without another word , Ebony walked out of the bedroom in the direction of the bathroom .
I heard the door shut firmly behind her .


Reality slapped me upside the head .
I was an ass .


Neither of us needed her pregnant , not now .
I wanted her to be the mother of my children , but the timing was off .


I was well on the path of making the money needed to support a family .
But this was n’t about what I wanted .
Ebony had n’t graduated college , let alone established herself in her field .
Damn , I could have just screwed her life up … literally .


A myriad of possibilities ran through my mind .
Was this mistake going to cost Ebony her career ?
Would Ebony end up hating me for the rest of her life ?
What if she decided she did n’t want anything else to do with me and had an abortion ?
Or worse , what if she had an abortion and never told me she was pregnant ?


Scenario after scenario ran through my mind , none of them had a happy ending .


What had I done ?


* Chapter 21 Chapter 21 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 21


_ * * Ebony * * _


I leaned over the sink and splashed ice - cold water on my face .


Just when it seemed like things could n’t get any worse … loss of a mentor , a job , my bank account low .


And now the chance I could , at this very moment , have a new life growing within my womb .
The image of the miraculous explosion of DNA splitting and duplicating as soon as sperm met egg , from a show on the Discovery Channel , forced me to sit on the closed lid of the toilet .


A baby .


But not just any baby , Brian ’s baby .
The man I loved and wanted to have his children … one day .
Was it possible fate decided to speed up the timetable against my will ?


Okay , the chances of me not getting pregnant were equal with the chances of me getting pregnant , fifty - fifty .


My mind went blank .
I stood and splashed more water on my face .
I could only imagine what Brian felt .
He was ready for a baby just as much as I was .
His career was about to launch off the pad in hours , while mine raced toward the finish line .


Having a baby right now could sabotage both of our careers .


Yet , as crazy as it sounded … a small part of me wanted to have some part of him left behind for the next few months .
Getting pregnant would be a way of making sure he came back to me .


Oh , great , not only was I insecure , I was turning into one of those women who trapped their boyfriend into staying with them .


How would Brian feel after spending months on the road , with women coming up to him wearing next to nothing and size - two waistlines ?
He ’d come home to discover his already voluptuous girlfriend had taken on the profile of a barge .


Brian wanted to have a family .
Maybe he would be happy .
But on the other hand , if he viewed this mistake as a forced reason to hang around …


What good would speculation do ?
I could be completely wrong .


I flushed the toilet and washed my hands to carry on the pretense of leaving to use the bathroom .
I closed the door behind me silently .


Brian was sprawled out on the bed , naked .
One of his hands rested on his chest , his fingers drumming silently .
His other arm was draped across his face , his mouth was drawn tight in what I assumed was disappointment .
“ You hate me right now , do n’t you ? ”


His question startled me .


“ No , I do n’t . ”


“ Ebony , baby , do n’t lie .
Just tell me the truth .
I ’ll understand . ”
He removed his arm from his face , his electric gaze zeroed in on me .
He was serious .


I settled on the bed , leaned down , and kissed him lightly .
“ No , Brian , I ’ m not mad , this is on both of us .
Besides , the chances are fifty - fifty , right ? ”


Though with my family , it was more than that .
My chances were more than slim .


Since not being sexually active , my focus was not on maintaining protection .
I did n’t take the pill because of blood - clotting issues in my family .
Hormone shots caused weight gain and uncontrollable nausea .
I stopped taking birth control all together once I broke up with Patrick .
I should have known better .


The history of women in my family ’s ability to conceive like the Virgin Mary flooded my already half - frozen brain .


My mother told me once that every time my father looked at her , she got pregnant .
Plus , twins ran on her side of the family .
My sister was n’t any better .
She ’d been on birth control religiously since the age of sixteen before she and her husband decided they wanted kids .
Once she stopped taking the pill , she thought it would take a year before she would conceive .
Imagine her delight when she found out she was pregnant four months later .


Four months .


With a family like mine , what were my chances ?
I decided to keep that information to myself .
The last thing Brian needed was an unnecessary distraction because of guilt .


And , oh , boy , Brian ’s side of the family seemed pretty potent as well .
After all , Mr . Young helped add five lives to the world ’s population .
What if Brian inherited his father ’s potent gene , as he ’d inherited his intense blue eyes ?


Brian studied me without speaking .


I pulled back the sheets and crawled into bed .
After a minute , he joined me .


“ Ebony , there ’s something I need to tell you . ”
He waited until he had my full attention .
“ I had already planned to say this , but now the timing just feels … wrong .
But it ’s still true . ”
He watched me with imploring eyes .


Uneasiness settled in the pit of my stomach .
“ Tell me what ? ”


He reached for my hand and kissed it tenderly .
“ To tell you how much I love you . ”


I felt my eyes widen , not because of his words , but because of the sincerity in his voice and eyes .
The eyes never lie .


“ We ’ve been together for less than three months .
This last month has been crazy .
We have n’t been together as much , and there is still much more for us to learn about each other . ”
He looked down at our linked fingers .
“ Baby , you do n’t know how much your support has encouraged me .
If it were n’t for you , this opportunity would n’t exist .
Having you by my side and not be angry or discouraging has made me aspire to be more , to do more for you .
I want to make you happy . ”


“ Brian , I ’ m happy , because I ’ m in love with you , too . ”
I smiled , blinking back the tears gathering in the corners of my eyes .


He returned my smile and wiped the tears .
“ Good , because when I come back , I ’ m going to do everything in my power to keep you happy .
The first thing is looking into getting my own place .
I need a place of my own , so when I ask you to marry me — ”


I gasped and covered my mouth .


“ … that part of our life will already be established . ”
His grin went a mile wide .
“ Yes , Ebony , I want to marry you .
We ’ll take the time to really get to know each other first , but believe me …
I ’ m going to buy you the biggest ring I can find . ”


I laughed .
The fear disappeared .
The issues plaguing my life were no longer important .
The only thing that mattered was hearing him say he wanted to marry me .


Not just because I could be pregnant , the _P_ word had n’t been mentioned , just that he wanted me .


His hand went to my flat belly as though he ’d read my thoughts .
“ If we just made a baby , it came from the love I feel for you , it ’s not an accident .
If not , then when we start our family , there will never be an _oops_ , just pure , unadulterated love . ”
He angled his head , his smile charming .
“ Can you handle it ? ”


“ Oh , yeah . ”
I beamed .


“ One more thing . ”
He released my hand and dug into the nightstand .
He removed a box of condoms and left them available for easy access .
“ Not trying to play baby roulette . ”


I giggled and nodded in agreement .


He dug in again and pulled out another box .
A beautiful shade of purple paper and glimmering silver tinsel sat in his hand .
I felt my mouth drop open .
Since my hands were in my lap , Brian placed the wrapped box in my palm .


“ Open it . ”


It was n’t a ring ; the box was the wrong shape .
I wanted to shake it to see if I could guess what hid inside .
It was a struggle not to rip apart the beautiful packaging ; the anticipation drove me crazy .


What I found left me speechless .


“ Do you like it ? ”
Brian ’s brow creased as if my approval of his gift were a life - or - death issue .


In my hand was a 14 - karat - gold charm bracelet with three charms : a guitar , a heart and …
I studied the third charm .
“ A giraffe ? ”
I laughed my surprise .


“ I told the sales woman you took care of an orangutan for a living , and she looked at me like I was crazy .
It was either this or a cat or dog .
I wanted it to represent your dream job .
This was the closest thing they had . ”


“ It ’s beautiful .
I love it .
Thank you . ”


Brian let out a sigh as his shoulders relaxed .
He slipped the gold chain from my fingers and looped it around my wrist .
“ This is a promise .
I chose these charms because they represent our hearts , our desires , and our future .
As we grow together and accomplish more , I will give you another charm to celebrate . ”
His eyebrows furrowed .
“ Adding a baby bottle was not the first charm I planned to get you .
I was thinking of graduation and marriage . ”


I pushed him back on the bed , moved the covers , and climbed on top of him , settling in the only place I wanted to be .


“ Whether we have a baby now or later , I love you , Brian . ”
I leaned down and kissed him deeply .


His fingers ran over my hip .
I cringed and sat up .
“ Ow , it ’s sore . ”


He looked down at his hand and realized he ’d gripped my tattooed hip .
“ Sorry . ”
He pushed the shirt I wore aside and studied it from the angle where he lay .
“ It ’s beautiful by the way .
What made you get a butterfly ?
Why not a heart or a rose ? ”


I sat up and stared down at his marked biceps and traced them .
“ You told me your tattoos were symbols that mattered .
I decided my tattoo would do the same . ”
I reached for both of his hands and pulled them to my chest .


I marveled at the subtle differences in the pigment of our skin .
My caramel to his cream ; the two complimented each other like a perfect blend of coffee .
I could imagine what our baby would look like .
Our child would be light skinned , with skin as bronze as his , only naturally .
The hair would probably be brown with golden streaks and eyes as blue as his .
Beautiful .


“ Butterflies do n’t start out as butterflies ; they ’re caterpillars , ordinary insects you rarely pay attention to .
Then one day , they disappear into a cocoon and emerge changed , different .
They ’re no longer ordinary ; they are magnificent , beautiful winged creatures . ”
I pulled his hand to my heart .


“ Since meeting you , I ’ve come out of my cocoon .
I was alone with a one - tracked mind , but you ’ve changed me .
You ’ve challenged my mind and made me see life , love , and relationships in a way I never thought would work for me .
We went from friends , to lovers , to … being in love .
You ’ve supported me and taken interest in ways no other men have .
These differences , ” I held up our linked fingers and kissed his hand , “ mean nothing .
The heart is what ’s important .
So , I chose the butterfly .
And it ’s blue because of your eyes .
They ’re the first thing I noticed about you . ”


“ I may be pushing the man - code here , but that has got to be the most beautiful and sincere thing anyone has ever said to me . ”
He chuckled .
“ Come here . ”


I lowered my body to his chest , and this time when our mouths met it was like magic .
Every inch of my body tingled , warming me from my head to my toes .
Brian deepened the kiss as he slid his roving hands up under the jersey and pulled it over my head .
Naked again , he rolled me over onto my back .
He pulled back and stared into my eyes .
For the first time , I truly felt loved .
This was home .
This was perfection .
This was the one thing I would never be able to be without again in my life .
Not just love , but the love of this man .


Brian was my soulmate .


He pulled one of my hands from behind his head , linked our fingers , and pulled it between our chests .


“ You are mine , and I am yours .
No matter how far apart we are , my heart , my body belongs to you .
There will never be another woman for me .
Do you trust me ? ”


That was such an odd combination of words that for a moment I could n’t answer .


“ I need to know , Ebony , do you trust me to be away from you and know I ’ m not sleeping around ? ”


“ Yes …
I trust you . ”


His eyes closed as he sighed in what must have been relief .
When he opened his eyes again , he focused on me with a soul - searching gaze .


“ I trust you , too , with my heart .
I need you to understand , I ’ve never given my heart to another woman , not like this .
Please , please , wait for me .
Everything I ’ve promised you will happen as soon as I come home .
Do n’t doubt that . ”


“ I ’ m not going anywhere .
After tonight , no one else will touch me except for you .
My body and my heart are for no one else but you . ”


There was nothing else to say .
I pulled his mouth back to mine and sealed the deal .
Brian did n’t waste time .
With our hands linked , our mouths mated .
He parted my thighs with his and eased between my legs .
His kiss traveled down my throat to my breasts while his free hand ran the length of my body .


“ I want to be inside you and stay until I have to leave , ” he whispered as he worked his way back up to my chin .


I moaned , wanting the same .
He made a move to enter me , but stopped abruptly and reached for the condom box .


“ Baby roulette , ” we said in unison .
One day , in our old age , we would look back at this night and laugh .


A deep groan emanated from his throat as his head dropped down on my chest .


“ Damn , it ’s empty , ” he said in frustration .


“ Look in my purse , I always have some . ”
I pointed to my side of the bed where it sat on the floor .


Brian released our fingers and shifted for the bag .
Not willing to search , he dumped the contents onto the floor .
I seconded his impatience .


“ Yes ! ”
He sat up , covered himself , and slid right into home .


Our lovemaking was slow and beautiful and everything I ever wanted .


Tonight would sustain me until Brian came home .


* Chapter 22 Chapter 22 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 22


_ * * Ebony * * _


This can not be happening .


The contents of my over - sized purse littered the cashier ’s counter .
“ I put it in my bag … ”


An annoyed grunt came from the man standing in line behind me .


Irritation made my cheeks hot .
I stuffed my things into my purse .
“ I ’ll come back . ”
I grabbed my backpack from the floor and moved out of the way .


So much for buying my book today .
School had been in session for less than a week , and I had already fallen behind .
My final year of college should n’t start like this .
I stomped out of the campus bookstore while muttering under my breath .


I could only hope my professor would be lenient since this was the first assignment .
Who was I kidding ?
He ’d already made it clear that if the assignment was n’t on his desk by the deadline , I would be screwed .
I needed that book .
It was my fault I did n’t have it on time .
I ’d spent the last few weeks focusing on finding another job , managing my finances , and spending as much time as possible with Brian before he left .


I climbed in my car and slammed the door shut .
Where in the hell was my school ID ?
Paying full price for the book was not my idea of money management .
As it was , I barely had enough money to get the book at the discounted price .
In hindsight , maybe I should n’t have spent money on that tattoo .
At the time , I ’d been able to afford it .
How was I supposed to know my job situation would change ?


I emptied my purse on the passenger seat and continued to search , as if it would make a difference .
A scan of the seats , floor , and other surfaces yielded no results .
The only other option would be paying for another card and waiting until my next paycheck to buy the book .
By then it would be too late to turn in my assignment .


If I had accepted Brian ’s help in the beginning , I would not be in this situation .
And now I was paying for it .


I resigned myself to ask my roommates to borrow money .
I could afford to pay for another ID with the money I had now , but it would n’t do any good .
Student services closed thirty minutes ago .
By the time they opened again , I ’d be at work .
Was n’t that just great ?


I lay my head back against the headrest and massaged my temples .


Today sucked .


I tried to stop stressing about the outcome of my grade for this paper and wished I could talk to Brian .
Hearing his soothing voice would not make my ID card appear , but it would calm my nerves enough to mull over the matter with a clear head .


He had been gone for less than thirty - six hours , and I missed him like crazy .
We ’d spoken last night before I went to bed .
Our goal was to talk to each other every day , at least before he went on stage .
His new schedule revolved around practice , show time , and travel .
And after - parties .


Women threw panties at him when he performed at the club .
I remembered watching him and listening to women behind me talk about what they could physically do for him .
As vain as it sounded , I enjoyed watching their mouths gape open when Brian came off stage , pulled me into his arms , and kissed me .


I trusted Brian , but the right set of circumstances could lead to a slip up .
Like a drunken after - party .


I promised myself not to dwell on it any more .
All I could do was trust him .
Focusing on the _what ifs_ would only bring it to fruition .


I reached for my phone as it vibrated .
It showed a missed call and voice message .
I ’d forgotten to take it off vibrate when class ended .
I turned up the ringer and checked the message .
Brian had called .
My heart leapt in my chest at the sound of his voice .
Praying he ’d still be available , I hit redial .


“ Hey , baby . ”
His unbelievably smooth voice coated my irritation .


I closed my eyes and zeroed in on his timbre .
“ Brian , are you busy ? ”


“ Kind of .
We ’re waiting for the stagehands to rearrange the stage so we can do warm ups and sound checks before full - show rehearsal .
I ’ve got a few minutes .
How was class ? ”


I laughed ruefully .
“ Class was fine .
Homework is another story .
I ’ m screwed because I do n’t have an important book . ”


“ I thought you got everything weeks ago . ”


“ Well , I did except for one book that cost so much it was out of my budget .
I put it off until I had the money .
Now my student ID is missing .
I need it to get a student discount . ”


“ Wait , you needed money and did n’t tell me ? ”
An exasperated sigh came through the line .
“ Ebony , I told you I would help you with anything you need .
You know I would have bought it for you . ”


“ I know , it ’s just … you ’ve got your own bills to worry about .
Besides , I ’ve been handling this sort of problem for years on my own . ”


“ But you ’re not on your own anymore ; you ’ve got me .
I want to see you succeed .
But it wo n’t happen if you do n’t have everything you need .
Do n’t mess with your education because you ’re too proud to ask . ”


“ Brian — ”


“ Let me take care of you , baby .
With the way they ’re paying me , I can help you with anything you need . ”


“ But — ”


“ There are no _buts_ .
Look , I ca n’t be there with you right now , at least let me do this , okay ?
Text me your account number , and I ’ll deposit the money into your bank in the morning . ”


I breathed a sigh of relief .
“ Thanks , Brian .
I ’ll pay you back . ”


“ There ’s nothing to pay back .
Now , your ID , when did you see it last ? ”
I could hear the cackles of men around him .


“ It ’s usually in my purse .
I ’ve checked everywhere . ”
I thought back to the last few days ’ activities and groaned in realization .
“ Your house , in your bedroom .
Remember when you were looking for a condom ? ”


Brian chuckled .
“ Oh , yeah .
I dumped your bag on the floor . ”


“ We overslept and were running late to get to the bus .
I grabbed everything I saw , but did n’t think to look under the bed . ”
I could n’t help but laugh .
“ Wow . ”


The background noises in the phone lowered as I heard Brian excuse himself .
His voice was low , husky when he spoke again .
“ I ca n’t stop thinking about that night . ”


My body tingled in all the right places .
“ Me neither . ”
I ’d woken up in need of a cold shower just this morning from dreaming about it .


“ Have you ever had phone sex ? ”


“ Are you serious ? ”
I giggled .


“ Very .
Some of the guys say they ’ve done it with their girlfriends .
Or a better idea … we could Facetime . ”


Brian continued to share creative ways for us to be together via technology .
Some of them sounded like fun , but I drew the line at naked text messages .
Facetime was one thing , but having a naked picture of me stored on his phone , where someone might find it …
Uh - uh , not this girl .
My luck I ’d be up for a promotion one day , and my _girls_ would go viral .
Still , just the thought that he wanted to see me cheered me up , but all too soon , the conversation winded down .


“ Baby , I ’ve got to go .
I ’ll tell Javan to let you in .
You should be able to get it tonight . ”


“ Thank you . ”
I paused , studying the bracelet on my arm .
The guitar glinted in the sun .
“ I love you . ”


“ I love you , too .
I ’ll text you later . ”


We disconnected .
Hearing him say he loved me would hold me over until the next time we talked .


Brian was right .
I could have avoided a lot of my anxiety over the last few weeks .
Accepting his help would have given me time to focus on finding another job and not stress about all the other details .
I would chalk it up as a lesson learned .


Armed with a plan and the possible location of my ID card , I felt better , knowing I would rectify the situation by nightfall .


* * *


Several hours went by before Brian ’s text came through ; Javan was home .
I checked the time and saw it was nearly eight p.m .
A quick check of the house had shown that my roommates were n’t home yet .
I called both of their cell phones and got no response .
That was n’t unusual ; they both worked late .


The idea of going to Brian ’s house unescorted made me uneasy .


I contemplated my options : wait until one of them showed up , or wait until tomorrow and meet Yasmine over there once she got off work .
Another option would be to ask Yasmine to go look for it .
Neither scenario worked because it would be after the bookstore ’s hours of operation .
I needed the book tomorrow .
Besides , the more I thought about it , I wanted to do it myself .
I wanted to get his baseball jersey .
It smelled like him and sleeping in it would be like having him near .


A quick in and out , ten minutes tops .
With any luck , my ID would be peeking out from under Brian ’s bed .


The entire house was dark when I arrived .
The porch light did n’t come on until I rang the bell for the third time .


The door opened , and I immediately felt on edge .


Javan did n’t speak .
His dark eyes made no effort to hide his thoughts .
The man projected sexual heat .
It was clear to see why Yasmine liked him .


He and Brian were the same height , but that ’s where the similarities ended .
Once upon a time , before meeting Brian , a man like Javan would have gotten my attention .


Javan ’s milk - chocolate skin stretched over a body that boasted of hours spent in a gymnasium .
His shoulder length dreads rested against the nape of his neck , held by a thick band .
From the looks of it , the man spent more time at a hairdresser than I did .
Whatever he did , Yasmine sure liked it .


Ignoring my discomfort , I focused on the white set of silk pajamas .
The button - up top hung open , exposing his defined muscular chest .


I imagined Brian wearing them in a shade of blue that matched his eyes .
Then again , he did n’t wear anything to bed except for the skin he was born in , especially when I spent the night .


“ Hi . ”
I forced my voice to sound normal and made myself meet his probing gaze .
“ Sorry it ’s late .
You look like you were expecting someone else . ”


Yasmine and Javan were in an open relationship .
The chances of her showing up tonight were fifty - fifty .
Regardless , I did n’t care to be here when one of his play dates arrived .


Javan ’s eyes shifted to my car .
“ I was n’t expecting anyone except you . ”
His eyes traveled over me again .


I felt self - conscious .
My shorts were n’t too tight , and my tee hung loose over my hips .
What was he looking at ?


“ Oh , um … ”
I ignored the implication of his words .
“ I wo n’t take long then . ”
I waited for him to step aside .


He moved slightly ; there would be no way to avoid walking past without brushing against him .


I held my breath .
His cologne reeked of dark spices and irritated my nose .
Fortunately , my man had better taste .


In Brian ’s room , I went straight for the side of the bed where the contents of my purse had rested .
My ID was n’t visible from where I stood , which meant it would probably be under the bed .
Getting on my hands and knees should n’t have made me uncomfortable , but Javan ’s hulking frame hovered in the doorway and made it impossible to lose the nervous feeling .
Why had he followed me ?


I contemplated the best way to get on the floor without putting my butt or back in the path of his roving eyes .
Unfortunately , the desk was in the way , leaving no other option .


“ You need help ? ”


My heart kicked up a notch .
Javan ’s shadow moved over the light from the ceiling when he moved from the doorway to the side of the bed where I kneeled .


I closed my eyes , pushed my hand under the bed , through the dust on the hardwood floor , and prayed my fingers would find what I searched for .


Finally , success .
I clung to the flimsy piece of plastic , as if my life depended on it .
“ No . ”
I moved to get up as quickly as possible .
To my chagrin , Javan stood right behind me , his huge outstretched palm waiting to help me .


The way he positioned himself made it impossible to get up without his help .
I gripped his hand , pulled myself up quickly , and backed away from him .
I wiped my sweaty hands on my shorts .
He now blocked my path .


Every nerve in my body stood on edge .
Was I overreacting ?
After all , he was Brian ’s roommate and my best friend ’s lover .
I could not control what he did with his eyes .
All things stated , I should be able to trust him .


My internal alarm said otherwise .


Javan continued to block my path , caging me between the bed , dresser , and wall .
The plastic card nearly slipped from my fingers as my hands began to shake .


“ There ’s something I ’ve never been able to understand about you . ”
He crossed his arms and looked around Brian ’s room .


“ What ? ”
I forced my voice to stay steady .


His dark eyes trailed over to the bed .
“ What do you see in him ?
You are a very desirable sister .
Why are you fucking a white guy ? ”


My eyes felt like they would bulge out of my head .
Did I just hear him right ?
He was supposed to be Brian ’s friend .
Why question me about my racial preferences ?
The look in his eye quickly dispelled the remark that wanted to leave my mouth .


“ What ’s the problem ?
Could n’t find a brother to satisfy you ? ”


“ That ’s none of your business , Javan .
Excuse me . ”
I moved to get past him , but he stayed rooted to that spot .
For a moment , I contemplated climbing over the bed and scampering out into the hall .
I had the feeling being in any position on the bed would be a bad idea , though .


He watched me before he stepped aside , once again , forcing me to brush against him .


“ Maybe you were n’t with the right one .
I know Yasmine talks about how I handle her . ”
His laughter was smug .


“ What goes on between the two of you is none of my business . ”
I focused on walking calmly down the hallway instead of breaking into a mad run .


I had escaped the bedroom and almost made it to the front door , but somehow , Javan managed to slip from behind me and block my exit to freedom .


“ True , or it could be something going on between the three of us . ”
The expression on my face must have caused him to reconsider his ridiculous offer .
“ Okay , it can be just us then . ”
He took a step toward me .


I bit back a gasp at the wild look that blazed in his eyes .


Everything about his body language said he was determined to get what he wanted .


I knew then no matter what I said or did , this was only going to end one way .
I looked around the room and tried to spy another path to the door .
Maybe if I moved fast enough , I could reach the front door , then my car , and get away from here .


But there was no place to go except the way I ’d come .
If I made it to Brian ’s room , I could lock the door and call for help .
But , oh , God , there was n’t a phone in his room , and my cell was in my car .


Why did I leave my phone in the car ?


Reasoning was my only option .
“ Javan , ” I struggled to force my voice out of a dry mouth .
“ I ’ m not interested , okay ?
I do n’t want to do anything to hurt Yasmine .
She ’s really into you , and I value our friendship .
I ’ m sure you feel the same way about Brian . ”


Javan ’s dark laughter sent ice - cold fear to my heart .
“ What goes on between us has nothing to do with either of them .
Brian pretends to be all innocent . ”
His laugh was chilling .
“ Do n’t believe the act .
He used to fuck with more than one girl at a time .
Then you came along and changed him . ”
He closed the distance between us in two long strides .


I moved as far away from him as I could and backed into the living room until I bumped into the CD collection .


“ What is so special about you ? ”
His voice lowered to a murmur as he ran a hand through the loose strands of my hair .


My body quivered , and I gasped in fear , no longer able to keep it in .
What was I doing here ?
Why was this happening to me ?


“ You must be good in bed .
I can hear the sounds you make .
Bet I can make you yell more and come harder . ”
He leaned toward me and breathed deeply .
“ You smell good . ”


I whimpered , hating the fact I wore the perfume Brian loved , and backed into the shelf behind me .
The card I ’d come to retrieve slipped from my fingers and hit the floor .
Brian ’s prized CD collection shifted as the weight of my body pushed against it , knocking it into the wall .
Discs crashed down around my feet .


Unable to look away from his eyes , I reached blindly behind me , searching the shelves for something of significant weight to protect myself .
I only came away with a lightweight plastic CD cover .


Javan sneered as his large fingers left my hair and traced down my collarbone to the front of my shirt .
Tears sprang into my eyes .
It seemed the more I tried to get away , the more eerie excitement grew in his eyes .
I had to get away from him …
I needed to find a way out .


“ Javan … ”


He grabbed one of my breasts , his humongous body towered over me .
There was nowhere for me to run with the shelf at my back .


“ Please stop … ”
My voice was barely audible to my own ears .
I closed my eyes to the sadistic sneer on his face and yelled in pain as he gripped my nipple through my shirt .
I smacked at his hands , but his grip only hardened .


“ Oh , come on , that ’s not how you sound when you ’re with him . ”


“ Please … do n’t do this , ” I begged again .
My voice was thick with terror .
I had never felt so helpless in my life .
No matter what I did , he was too big for me to stop him .


There was only one thing I could do ; only one weapon of defense in my female arsenal .


Javan leaned in to kiss me as I struggled .


I aimed my knee for all he held dear , pushed him off , and ran .
I was inches away from reaching the door .
Once outside , I would scream bloody murder to draw attention from the neighbors , jump in my car , and get away .


I peered over my shoulder .
Pain and anger mangled Javan ’s face , and he seemed to have recovered from the damage I ’d inflicted .


I turned back and reached for the doorknob , frantically twisting it with sweaty fingers , fighting to get a grip .


But then I slipped on the rug at the door and hit my head .


* Chapter 23 Chapter 23 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 23


_ * * Ebony * * _


No matter how hard I tried , it was impossible to get rid of the smell .


Dark spices .


Neither the fragrance of my cucumber - and - melon body wash nor the tropical - scented soap could get rid of the stench .


My skin flamed red , my inner thighs raw .
I ached everywhere : my breasts … my back … the very heart of me .


I squeezed my eyes shut to block out the memory .


It was impossible .


How could this have happened ?
What did I do wrong ?
How had I let him rape me ?
No amount of fighting back prevented what Javan had been determined to do .


A wave of revulsion hit .
Dry heaves forced me to double over in pain .
There was no foreseeable end to this nightmare .


I sunk to the tub ’s floor , crossed my arms tightly across my chest , and watched the soapy water swirl around the drain .
My body shook as heavy tears mixed with the lukewarm water , rained down my hair and face .


Nothing short of bleach could get rid of Javan ’s pungent scent .


I should have waited for Yasmine or Kaitlyn .


I should have paid for the damn book .


The repercussions of my procrastination and stubbornness were coming back to bite me .
If I ’d accepted Brian ’s offer in the beginning , then none of this would have happened .


I would n’t have a failing grade in class .


I would n’t be a victim of Javan ’s deceit .


In the end , it was my fault .
I ’d asked for this .


I deserved every bad thing going on in my life .


The water ran cold , making my already aching limbs hurt worse .
How long had I been in the shower ?
Had my roommates gotten home yet ?


I dragged my bruised body out of the tub and to the bathroom mirror .
Faint traces of black - and - blue marks emerged under my light brown skin .
Javan had been merciless in his assault , taking whatever he wanted .
He ’d been sure not to leave marks where they ’d be visible to the world .
For that , I should be thankful .


I was thankful for still having my life .


One hip ached worse than the other .
I rubbed it gently with the towel before twisting around to get a look .
Oh , God , no … my tattoo .
Javan ’s humongous hand marred my dedication to Brian and our relationship .
The skin around the bright blue butterfly was swollen and red .


A fresh wave of tears ran down my face .
How much more crying could I do ?
It had been hard to drive home with bleary eyes .


My heart felt like it would break into a million pieces .


And oh , God , Brian …


Only hours after promising Brian I ’d be faithful , my words were no longer valid .
And to think I worried about him sleeping with another woman .
Now , another man … his friend , had taken me , used me and …


Oh , God , what had I done ?


I wanted to call Brian and tell him what happened and how much I needed him .
My hand rested on the bathroom counter , my fingers inches away from grasping my phone .


Javan ’s leering voice flooded my mind , growling , sending chills down my spine .
“ Tell Brian . ”
He ’d smirked as he pulled his pants up .
“ Go ahead .
He ’s not going to believe you .
You cheated on him .
At least that ’s what I ’ll say .
Why would he believe you ?
You ’re just another black slut who walked away from him to be with a brother . ”


I wanted to jump on him and beat him and gouge his eyes out for what he ’d done to me , for what he ’d said about me … about Brian .
But what could I do ?
He ’d already demonstrated that he could overpower me .


I could call the police and have Javan arrested .
But then what ?


Brian was on tour .
Word would get back to him ; he would break his contract and come home .
His reputation would be ruined , his chances at establishing his career gone because of my mistake .


And what about our relationship ?
Had n’t he just asked , no , begged me , to wait for him ?
He wanted to marry me and start a family .


My hands immediately flew to my stomach .
I could be pregnant now .
Oh , no , what if I was and lost our baby due to this violent act ?


My knees grew weak and forced me to lean over the counter ’s edge .
Now , I would be nothing but damaged goods .


If Brian ever got wind of what happened and believed Javan ’s story over mine , our relationship would be over .
He ’d known Javan for years ; we ’d only been involved for months .
Brian said we needed more time to get to know each other .


If this ever came out , my unexpected chance at love would be over , gone forever .
And where would that leave me ?
Broken hearted and alone .


Losing Brian would be far more devastating than Javan raping me .
I could put this act of violence behind me and pretend it never happened .


But there would be no way to pretend our relationship never existed .


I wiped tears from my eyes and stared at my battered body .
These bruises would be long gone by the time Brian came home .
The blemishes would disappear , but deep down , I would never be the same .


I pulled on a pair of sweatpants and a long T - shirt .


Sudden pounding on the bathroom door made my heart jump .
I gripped the counter .
I ’d locked the door .
Could Javan have followed me home ?
Had Yasmine given him a key ?


“ Ebony , girl , you ’re hogging all the hot water !
Hurry up ! ”
Yasmine ’s exasperated voice filtered through the door .


Yasmine .
Should I tell her ?
She needed to know about her man .
But would she believe me ?


We became best friends when we met in college .
We confided in each other and connected in a way that bonded us as sisters .


She ’d had her own share of relationship trials over the years , her life altered by people she ’d thought were her friends .
They not only used her , they went behind her back and ruined her outlook on dating .
It was why she refused to be seriously involved again .


I could not risk becoming another one of the women who ’d hurt her .


When I ’d threatened Javan after he defiled me , he mocked , _ “ Your girl ’s in love with me .
If you tell Yasmine about us , you ’ll become another ho who used to be her friend . ” _


Javan had it all figured out .
Who was I fooling ?
No one around me would believe , not even Kaitlyn .
Besides , she never had been good at keeping a secret .


There was no one to confide in without them getting hurt , too .


Brian .
Yasmine .
Kaitlyn .


My mistake had started weeks ago .
The repercussions of my decision had snowballed beyond belief .


I would be the only one to pay the cost for this mistake .
This was my secret , my burden to bear alone .


Dressed , I gathered up my bathing supplies , balled up my torn clothes , and wrapped them in my towel out of sight of prying eyes .


Yasmine leaned against the wall , tapping her toe impatiently when I opened the door .
“ It ’s about time .
I bet the hot water ’s gone , ” she grumbled .
“ I ’ve had one hell of a day .
All I want to do is shower , crash in bed , and pretend this day never happened . ”


I walked by , gripping my towel , unable to make eye contact .
“ Sorry , ” I muttered .
My foot crossed the threshold of my room when she stopped me .


“ Look at me , being all insensitive .
Are you okay ? ”
Her voice softened .


I ran a hand over my bloodshot eyes .
“ I had a long day , too .
Headache . ”


Yasmine tilted her head and studied me .
In the years we ’d known each other , she ’d learned to read me well .
“ That ’s not all . ”
She walked over and put a hand on my aching shoulder .
I flinched .
“ What ’s really bothering you ? ”


For a split second , my lips parted .
I nearly blurted out everything .


Oh , no , I could not go there , not now , not ever .


“ You miss Brian , do n’t you ? ”
She shook her head and pulled me into her arms .
I leaned in and absorbed strength from that small contact .
“ It ’s okay .
I ’ m sure lover boy is sitting around pining over you , too . ”
Yasmine chuckled .
“ I feel the same way when I have n’t seen Javan in a few days .
The crazy part is it ’s been a long time since I felt that way about anyone . ”
She kissed my forehead and rubbed my back .
“ Three months will be over before you know it . ”


She let go and headed for the bathroom .
I stood rooted in place and leaned against the doorjamb before closing my door .


In my room , I swallowed aspirin , and climbed in bed to wrap up in the security of my sheets .


* * *


I awoke with a start .
My heart raced , my head and body ached .
It took a moment for the nightmare to dissipate and realize I was alone in my bed .
But the moment I closed my eyes , images of my nightmare bombarded me , sending me back to that hallway .


And then I heard it , the ringing of my cell phone .
I reached for it and saw Brian ’s cheerful smile on the screen .
My finger grazed the talk button .
My need to hear his voice overwhelmed me , but if I answered now , I would spill everything and our relationship would be over .


I closed my eyes and prayed for strength as the phone continued to ring .
When it stopped , I waited until it notified me of a voicemail .
I held the phone and listened to his message .


“ Hey , baby , it ’s me .
Tonight was awesome !
I wish you could have been here .
I have so much to tell you , and you wo n’t believe everyone I ’ve met .
I ca n’t wait to talk to you .
I did n’t mean to wake you because I know you ’ve got a busy day ahead .
Did you get your badge ?
I called Javan , but he did n’t answer .
Do n’t worry ; I know you ’ll do well in class .
Just hang in there , okay ?
I ’ll send the money in the morning .
Until then , I plan to dream about you .
Good night , Ebony .
I love you .
”


Tears flooded from my eyes and the lump in my throat made it hard to swallow .
I wished more than anything in this world I could have been with him tonight .


I wished I ’d paid for another ID .


I wished I ’d just bought the damn book in the first place .


I wished he would ’ve had a roll of condoms and not emptied my bag on the floor .


Oh . My . God .
I sat up so fast my head began to swim .


Condoms .


Javan had n’t used one .
He ’d been reckless and did n’t pull out and …


I leaned over the edge of my bed and searched frantically for the trashcan .
To my surprise , there was still something left to vomit .


Gonorrhea .
Hepatitis .
Herpes .
Chlamydia .
AIDS .


The chances of me conceiving had just doubled .


As soon as my stomach settled , I went online and researched my options .
My search led to an over - the - counter morning - after pill to decrease the chances of pregnancy .
The thought of taking the pill was unnerving .
Even though it could n’t compare , in my mind , deciding to take the pill to reduce the chance I could have gotten pregnant from the rape was the equivalent to having an abortion .


But what if I already carried Brian ’s baby ?


What if I did n’t and was now pregnant with Javan ’s ?


I could n’t live with the possibility of having another man ’s child .


My head spun .
I needed to make a decision now .
I had forty - eight hours from the time of unprotected sex to take the pill in order for it to be effective .


Brian and I had been together less than forty - eight hours ago .
It had been nearly two hours since the rape .


If I was pregnant , a paternity test during the pregnancy would determine if Brian was the father .
In order to have his consent , he would have to know about the rape .
That could not happen .


Taking the pill meant not only killing the sperm Javan left behind ; it meant killing the possible life Brian and I might have created .
Either way I ’d be killing a part of myself .


If I avoided testing and kept the truth to myself , Brian would go for months being happy , thinking the baby was his and planning to be the father I knew he could be … until the baby was born .
A child born looking like Javan without any hints of being the light - skinned , blue - eyed bi - racial beauty I saw in my dream would reveal my secret .
No matter what I said , Brian would believe I cheated on him .
It would be too late to tell the truth .


There was only one decision I could live with , without disrupting the lives around me .


I got dressed and headed for the nearest all - night pharmacy .


* Chapter 24 Chapter 24 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 24


_ * * Yasmine * * _


* * _Three months later … _
* *


“ Ms . Phillips , you have a call on line three . ”


I forced irritation out of my voice .
“ Thomas , how many times have I told you , call me Yasmine ? ”


The young , pimpled faced kid , who worked the front desk , blushed .
He looked like he ’d pass out on the floor if I smiled at him .
Talk about a teenage crush .


“ I ’ m - m - m - sorry , I just ca n’t — ”


What he could n’t do was get the words out without stammering half to death .
Where had my father found this guy ?


“ It ’s okay , just send the call through . ”


Thomas shut his mouth , nodded , and walked into the doorframe .
He looked at me again , his face even redder from embarrassment .


I allowed a half - smile , not wanting to throw too much at him for fear of having to transfer the call myself .


He responded with a dorky grin and headed back to the front desk .


The Phillips ’ Family Inn had been in business since I attended high school .
I ’d held the title of Assistant Manager of this location since graduating college .
My parents sweated blood and tears to open the establishment .


After years of planning , my great - grandmother ’s death left my mother enough money and the perfect property to build their dream .


Twelve years later , there were two locations with the possibility of a third .
Talk about following your dreams .


My dream did not include running a hotel for the rest of my life .


Fashion was my thing .
I spent every free moment researching and using my family and friends as test dummies .
As far as they were concerned , I became the go - to person when needing to dress for the occasion .
My best friend , Ebony , was one of my better case studies .
The day we ’d met , she wore a pair of jeans and an everyday T - shirt that hid her beauty .
It took a few months to break her shell .


My goal was to start a business as a fashion consultant .
I had the skill , the talent , and the motivation .
All I needed was time and a location to work out of .


I chewed on my lip and pulled out my calendar .
Time … time … time …


A date circled in blaring red ink made me pause .
Javan and I had an anniversary coming up .
We ’d been dating for eight months .
How had that happened ?


Long - term relationships and I did not get along .
Too many chances of happiness had turned to heartache .
The last man who ’d broken my heart had hammered a nail into the coffin .
Looking for love no longer interested me .


I was n’t gay ; I loved men .
I loved their attitudes , their style , their swagger … hell , I loved sex .
A man could have me all day in any way .
But my heart was forbidden .
No man would ever reach there again .


Yet , somehow , Javan had slipped through a loophole and planted himself there .
For eight months .
Most of my friends - with - benefits relationships barely lasted three months .


Maybe watching Ebony and Brian ’s relationship grow had rubbed off on us .
Especially since he ’d left Ebony behind to pursue his career .
Since he ’d been gone , Javan started spending more time with me .
He became interested in my mind as much as my body .


The phone rang and snapped me out of my thoughts .


“ This is Yasmine Phillips , manager of the Phillips ’ Family Inn . ”


“ Yasmine , its Brian , how are you ? ”


“ Brian ?
How have you been ?
How ’s the tour ? ”


He laughed .
“ Man , it ’s been one of the best experiences of my life .
I ’ve learned a lot and met so many people .
It ’s an experience I ’ll never forget .
But honestly , I ’ m ready to come home .
That ’s why I ’ m calling .
We ’ll be back in a week , and I want to do something special for Ebony .
It ’s been three months since we ’ve been together and … well … ”
Nervous laughter came through the phone .
“ We need some time alone , you know ?
Could you hook me up with something special for me and my girl ? ”


“ Say no more .
I ’ve got the perfect room for you guys .
It has a balcony overlooking the rose garden . ”


Brian exhaled in what had to be relief .
“ Thanks . ”
He wasted no time giving me the details of what he wanted .
Ebony would be very pleased .


“ I like your style , Brian .
Maybe you can give Javan some pointers .
Our anniversary is coming up soon — ” His unexpected outburst made me pause .
“ What are you laughing at ? ”


He cleared his throat .
“ Did you say anniversary ? ”


“ Do n’t be a smart ass , Brian . ”


He chuckled .
“ Sorry , you were saying ? ”


I rolled my eyes .
“ It ’s next week .
Maybe we can meet up for dinner or something .
I ’ll fill Ebony in on the details later .
Do you think you guys can unwrap yourselves long enough to join the festivities ? ”


“ Sure .
Let us know , and we ’ll be there . ”


“ Cool .
Now if that ’s all … ”


“ Actually , ” Brian paused .
“ Yasmine , can I ask you something ? ”
The tone of his voice changed .


“ What ’s on your mind ? ”
I doodled on a note pad .


“ You ’ve been friends with Ebony for a while … ”
He paused again .


I tapped the pen on my desk .
Patience was not one of my strong suits .
“ What do you want to know ?
If it ’s something private because of the sister code … ”
I shrugged even though he could n’t see it .


“ I understand .
Have you noticed anything different about Ebony ?
I mean , is she okay ? ”


I sat the pen down .
Of course , she ’d changed .
She was in full school and work mode .
I admired her dedication .
Once she set her mind on something , she went all in .
“ She ’s good , just stressing about school as always .
It ’s her last year , and the pressure is intense .
Besides , with you gone , who else is she going to play with besides the monkey ? ”


That made him laugh .
“ Yeah , I guess you ’re right .
I ’ve been so busy I thought I missed something important . ”


“ Do n’t worry about her .
I ’ve been busy myself , but I ’ll check on her . ”


“ Thanks , Yasmine , ” he said and ended the call .


Now that I thought about it , Brian was right .
Ebony had changed .
Her hard work and dedication to her job were nothing new .
But once he ’d left , she started working harder than usual .
She ate , slept , worked , and talked to him when she could .
But when it came to Kaitlin and me …


I could understand why she avoided us .
After all , we were spending time with our boyfriends while she waited by the phone .
And the three months without sex thing … damn .
I ’d be a freaking lunatic by now .
Ebony needed an intervention , a girl ’s night out .
The mission : get her back to the way he left her .
It was way past time for her newly acquired frumpy look to go .


Time to plan .
I called Kaitlyn , and she agreed with my idea .


Only one thing left to do .
Call Javan and cancel our plans for the evening .


Jazz music played through the line while I was on hold .
Calling him at work irritated me .
I wished he would keep his cell phone on .


“ Thank you for calling Franklin and Associates .
How may I direct your call ? ”


I ground my teeth .
I hated the receptionist .
She never hesitated to play games when she transferred my call .
She also had no qualms letting me know her eyes were on my man .


“ Sandra , I ’ve been waiting for more than five minutes .
Is Javan available ? ”


“ Oh , Ms . Phillips , I ’ m sorry .
Hold the line for a moment , I ’ll check . ”


I wanted to reach through the phone and slap her .


Another minute passed .
“ Hello ? ”
Javan had the sexiest voice .


“ Hi , baby , it ’s me . ”


“ Ah , Yasmine … ”
The moment he realized it was me — because the bitch would never tell him — his voice dropped an octave .


I found it hard not to fidget in my seat .
“ Were you busy ? ”


“ No , my last patient left a while ago .
I ’ m wrapping up paperwork now . ”


“ One of these days , I ’ m going to cuss her ass out , ” I said hotly .
“ She left me on hold for five minutes . ”


Javan ’s husky laugh tickled my ear through the phone .
“ Should I warn her now or wait to pull you off ? ”


“ Do n’t tempt me . ”
I could visualize his receptionist ’s skinny ass running around the office .


“ _Hmm_ , the idea of you fighting over me turns me on .
Why do n’t you swing by in say … thirty minutes ?
We can have lunch in my office .
You ’ll end up eating in your car , but I ’ m sure you ’ll leave a very satisfied woman . ”


Having _lunch_ with Javan was always creative .
A time check left me disappointed .
“ Unfortunately , our computers had crashed for the second time this week .
I ’ve got an emergency call in for a computer tech now .
I ’ m stuck . ”


“ We all have to work . ”
I could hear the rustle of paper through the line .
“ Then tonight , my place .
Both of us naked with you on top ? ”


The visual image of his body drove me crazy .
Tight muscles under smooth - chocolate skin .
The man could have been the spokesperson for the Hershey ’s corporation .
There always seemed to be a sexual current flowing around him .
It pulled me in like a magnet .


“ That ’s why I ’ m calling .
I ’ve got to cancel .
Brian ’s coming back in a few days , and my girl needs help .
Ebony ’s been in her own little world since he ’s been gone .
Who knew she ’d be stuck on him ? ”
I laughed .


The rustling noise stopped .
“ What ’s wrong with her ? ”


“ She ’s been MIA for three months , stuck in her room not wanting to talk .
I think she ’s a little jealous . ”


“ Of what ? ”


“ Of our relationship .
Plus , Kaity ’s got Luke .
Think about it , she was with Brian a few months , and then he left . ”


“ Yeah , I ’ m sure that ’s it .
Look , I ’ve got to go . ”
All sense of flirting left his voice .


“ Okay , me too .
The computer geek is here . ”
I studied the man who ’d suddenly appeared in my doorway .
“ Love you . ”


“ Yeah , later . ”


I hung up the phone .
Why did n’t Thomas notify me the computer technician had arrived ?


Always eager to appreciate a good - looking man , I studied him .


He wore dark - rimmed glasses , black pants , and the standard white shirt and black tie worn by geeks across America .
He had cocoa - colored skin with shoulders hinting at a nice build beneath his shirt .
He wore his hair in a low cut , typical black - male fashion .
A trimmed goatee surrounded generous lips .
Although he did n’t hold a candle to Javan ’s thick frame , he was attractive … in a geeky sort of way .


“ Sorry to disturb you , Mrs . Phillips , my name is Zachariah Givens .
I ’ m here to service your computers . ”
He pointed over his shoulder down the short hallway leading to the front desk .
“ I rang the bell twice , but no one was out front . ”


I exhaled in exasperation .
“ Thomas must be on break . ”
I made note to address him about leaving the front desk unmanned without informing me .
We were a small hotel chain , but we ran our establishment as if we were one of the big kids .
“ And it ’s Ms . Phillips .
Come in . ”


I rose from my chair and smoothed the tight fabric over my hips .
My skirt stopped at the mid - point of my thigh , my legs were naked without pantyhose , and I wore sensible , yet stylish heels .
Most men would have watched the movements .
He did n’t .
Guess I ’d offended him with my comment .


“ Look , I did n’t mean anything by calling you a geek .
You reminded me of — ”


“ No problem . ”
His voice was flat and impersonal .
“ I hear it at least five times a day .
It comes with the job . ”


O … kay .
So he was a geek with no sense of humor .
Fine .
But his voice had a hoarseness that was as sexy as hell .


I moved out of the way so he could sit at my desk .


“ What type of problem are you having ? ”
He adjusted the chair to fit his height .


I frowned .
I was n’t that short .


It took five minutes to run down the problems we ’d been experiencing .


“ So can you fix it ? ”
I asked .


“ I ’ll have to run a diagnostic on the system and check each terminal before I can tell what ’s going on .
It ’s possible you ’ve got a virus , or , ” he studied the computer set up , “ your system is outdated and can no longer handle the workload . ”


That was not the news I wanted .
My father would n’t be pleased either .


He glanced at his watch .
“ It ’s going to be a while ; you might want to grab lunch .
Leave me your number , and I ’ll call when I ’ve got my diagnosis . ”


What the hell ?
Was he kicking me out of my own office ?


My jaw clenched , I breathed deeply and exhaled slowly .
I did n’t know this man , and he did n’t know me .
Did he assume he could just waltz in here and take over my office ?


No way in hell was that about to happen .
I paid him , which meant he worked for me .


I crossed my arms and glared .
He stared back with hazel eyes that shouted intelligence beneath those black frames .
They were gorgeous .


“ It ’s not time for my break , ” I said firmly .
“ I ’ll wait . ”
With that said , I sat in a chair in the corner of my office and crossed my legs .
My skirt hiked up a few inches exposing my thigh .


He broke our challenging stare and glanced at my legs .
About damn time he noticed .


“ Suit yourself . ”
He turned back to the screen and began keying in code , tuning me out as if I did n’t exist .


Well , damn .


* Chapter 25 Chapter 25 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 25


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ Doctor Lofton , are you sure ? ”


“ Ebony , go home .
There ’s nothing you can do .
Nala is being taken care of . ”
The head vet led me out of the clinic and pointed in the direction of my locker .


“ Please call me if — ”


“ If anything changes , I ’ll call you .
Go home and get some rest .
You need it . ”


The clinic door closed firmly in my face .
As much as I wanted to keep a watchful eye on the orangutan , what Dr . Lofton had said rang true .
I was exhausted .
Spending the weekend in the overnight room on a cot and taking showers in the staff bathroom had not been the best place to rest .


Then again , I barely got rest at home .


I cleaned out my locker and headed for my car .


The last three months were taking their toll .
Nightmares plagued me .
Coffee and five - hour energy drinks kept me on my feet .
Neither was good for my health .
I even managed to lose a few pounds .


My grades were slipping , and the three - point - nine GPA I ’d maintained for the past seven years dropped a point .


To my dismay , I found myself thinking about the offer Dr . Jacobs made months ago when everything was right in my little world .
I ’ m sure at this point the terms would have changed .
Although I had n’t threatened him in any way , I still could , and therefore secure the position of Veterinarian Technician in the spring .


As sick as the thought of stooping to his level made me feel , the idea of losing everything I ’d worked for over the last seven years made me sicker .


The last couple of months changed my entire outlook on life and left me a hermit in my own home .
Keeping the secret of my rape wore me down .


With Brian gone and me avoiding my friends , caring for Nala had become my lifeline , the one thing grounding me in a life that had turned into one big fat lie .
It seemed as if I lied to everyone around me .


_ “ Busy , but okay , ” _ had become my typical response when Kaitlyn asked .


Although I had never outright lied to Yasmine , it was a lie by omission when she talked about her relationship with Javan , and I remained silent .


I lied to Brian by using work and school as an excuse for feeling down .


As much as it hurt lying to him , he was the one thing keeping me from giving up and moving back to North Carolina .


The bright spot in my life was the fact he would return home in a few days .
No more waiting to hold him , smell him , or feel him lying next to me .
Knowing Brian loved me was not enough .
Nothing replaced seeing it in his eyes and feeling it in his touch .


I needed him desperately .


But the need brought fear .
Fear that he ’d somehow find out about the rape .
Fear Javan ’s threats would come true .
Fear Brian would leave me .


I could not dwell on those thoughts .


When I arrived home , my roommates ’ cars were in the driveway .
That was odd .
Normally , Yasmine arrived home after I did and Kaitlyn came last .
As an assistant costume designer for a T.V. show , Kaitlyn worked long days , traveling for costume fittings or purchasing new pieces .


If they were both here , something had to be wrong .


I closed the door behind me .
“ Kaity , Yaz ?
Where are you ? ”


“ In the kitchen , ” Kaitlyn said .


I dropped my book - bag down in the living room .
The aroma of Mexican food greeted me from the kitchen .


“ Surprise ! ” they yelled in unison .


“ What ’s going on ? ”


Yasmine stood at the counter , a bottle of tequila in one hand and a daiquiri mix in the other .
Ice sat in the blender .


Kaitlyn sat at the table , spooning portions of takeout food onto plates .
“ Girls ’ Night of course , what else ? ” she said in her Texas twang .


“ Do n’t even think about saying no .
We took off work early for this .
No excuses .
I do n’t care if you ’ve got a project due tomorrow and you have n’t done a thing to get started .
Which is highly unlikely . ”
Yasmine paused , started the blender , and then tasted her concoction .
“ Damn , that ’s good . ”
She filled three empty glasses before continuing .
“ Tonight is about us women and everything feminine . ”


“ Right , Yaz is gonna do manis and pedis .
I ’ve picked out these cute little outfits for us . ”
Kaitlyn waved a hand up and down her body , indicating what she had on .
“ Do n’t laugh , they ’re supposed to be crazy lookin ’ . ”


For the first time , I paid attention to their attire .
Tank tops , booty shorts , and flip - flops .
Hawaiian leis were on their necks and ridiculously large sombreros were on their heads .
Yasmine wore a pair of extra - large sunglasses around her neck .


“ Before you say a thang , ” Kaitlyn continued , “ I know you ’re wonderin ’ where your fabulous outfit is .
Check your bed .
Go on .
Go change .
We ’ll be waitin ’ on ya . ”
She made a shooing motion with her hands .


“ But — ”


“ This daiquiri is not going to stay frozen forever .
Hurry up , girl , ” Yasmine added .


I shook my head and allowed a small smile to grace my lips .
Hanging with the girls doing silly stuff at home had been a monthly tradition since college .
I could n’t remember the last time we ’d done it .
Despite my efforts to evade their questions for the past three months , I missed this .
Maybe , just this once , it would be okay to let my guard down and pretend everything was normal .
No matter what all went on in my life , I still had my friends .
And soon I would have Brian again .


The sting of excitement brewed in my chest .
I ran upstairs to change into my crazy get - up .


They laughed upon my arrival into the kitchen ; it immediately felt like old times .
We ate , drank , danced , and cleaned up the kitchen while listening to music .
For the life of me , I could n’t remember the last time we ’d had this much fun .


The next phase of the evening turned to watching movies .
Over the years , we ’d collected a vast amount of romantic comedies .
Since we could never agree on what to watch , we ’d devised a system in which we picked a number .
The highest number and corresponding DVD would be the winner .
Tonight ’s selection was _Fools Rush In_ .


None of us really watched the movie , since we ’d seen it more than fifty times .
Instead , we sipped on our third round of daiquiris while taking turns getting our nails done .
Before long , men became the subject of the evening .


“ Luke ’s a pretty good guy .
He is so tall I have to stand on a box to kiss him , ” Kaitlyn said .


“ What happened to Justin ? ”
I asked .


Both women looked at me .
“ Uh , we broke up two months ago .
Girl , you ’ve been in a whole ’ nother world , ” Kaitlyn said .
“ But I understand .
It wo n’t be long before Brian ’s back . ”


“ I ca n’t wait . ”
I felt the dreamy smile spread across my face .
They laughed .


The drinks were definitely working their magic .
For the first time in months , I acted like my old self .


“ Speaking of which , ” Yasmine said , “ I ’ m planning an anniversary party for me and Javan . ”


“ What ? ”
Kaitlyn asked in surprise .


My mouth went dry .
Anniversary ?
They were still together ?
I was sure my expression echoed Kaitlyn ’s statement .


“ How long have you guys been goin ’ out ? ” she asked .


“ Next week will be eight months . ”
Yasmine peered down in her glass , as her voice lowered .
“ I think it ’s turning into something serious . ”


I was unable to keep my mouth closed .
Bile began boiling in my stomach .


“ As crazy as it sounds , I ’ m in love with him , ” Yasmine continued .
“ I said it would never happen again , but it has . ”


Kaitlyn looked on in awe .
“ Wow , I thought he was just supposed to be a straight hit - and - get - it guy . ”


Yasmine burst out laughing .
“ Kaity , that sounds so crazy coming from you . ”


“ What ?
I ’ve been around you guys long enough to get hip . ”
She added a finger snap to punctuate her statement .


The conversation became background noise to my thoughts .


This was n’t right .
Yasmine was n’t supposed to love him .
Her standard operating procedure was sleep with a guy for a few months , dump him , and move on .
Why was she still with him ?
I banked on , no , counted on , her leaving him .
If that happened , he would be out of my life as much as possible .
So what if Javan was Brian ’s roommate ?
I could avoid going to his house and dealing with him .
I could avoid being in the place where my life changed for the worst .
After all , Brian said he intended to move when he got back .


If they were together , I could n’t avoid seeing him at my home .


“ Marriage may be in the works , . ”
Yasmine said , snapping me back to the conversation .


Kaitlyn squealed and leaned over the sofa to give her a congratulatory hug .


Maintaining as much composure as possible , I excused myself , moved quickly down the hall , and emptied the contents of the evening ’s festivities into the toilet .


* Chapter 26 Chapter 26 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 26


_ * * Ebony * * _


Visiting my gynecologist had never been one of my favorite things to do .
Sitting on the cold piece of paper wearing nothing but a glorified paper towel did not make me comfortable or keep me warm , even while wearing socks .


The walls in the room felt like they were closing in on me .
I never had more than one physical a year .
The reasons that led me here again made me nervous .


A knock on the door announced the doctor ’s arrival .


“ Ms . Campbell , it ’s good to see you . ”
She smiled warmly and shook my hand before turning her attention to the file she held .
“ It seems you were here in August and tested for STDs .
All of your lab work came back negative . ”
Her eyebrows scrunched .
“ And now you want to be tested again ?
I applaud your willingness to monitor your health , but this is odd .
You ’ve been my patient for the past five years ; you ’ve never needed more than the normal screenings . ”
She flipped through my file again .


I sat quietly , fiddling with my fingertips .


“ You ’re also requesting a pregnancy test . ”
Her eyebrows rose in question , studying me intently .
“ As your doctor , I have to ask , is everything okay ? ”


Good question , one I wanted to avoid .
After the rape , when I got screened , my first thought was to visit a free clinic where testing would be anonymous .
No unnecessary questions , no evidence of what happened left behind in my permanent file .
If the results were negative , it would be as if nothing had ever happened .


But reasoning prevailed .
Seeing my doctor made sense .
She knew my medical history and would know immediately if something were wrong .


“ Dr . Chambers , I ’ m fine , thanks for asking .
There was an … accident a few months back … ”


“ Accident as in broken condom ? ”


The memory of the last night with Brian made me smile .
“ Lack of would be more like it . ”


On both occasions .
My smile faded at the thought of Javan .


“ _Hmm_ .
What about your partner ?
Has he been tested ? ”


“ Brian ?
We ’d talked about it before we slept together ; he ’s clean .
He ’s a good man .
Plus , I ’ve always been selective . ”
My words were passionate .


Dr . Chambers did n’t fail to notice .
She made notes on my file .
“ You ’re not on birth control .
All you use are condoms ? ”
She glanced up at me .


I nodded .
“ I was supposed to come in to talk about using birth control , but my schedule has been hectic . ”


“ We can cover that when we ’re done with the physical . ”
She added another note .
“ Any missed periods ?
Difference in bleeding ? ”


I hesitated .
“ A little .
My last two periods have n’t come exactly on time and have been lighter than usual . ”
That alone made me paranoid beyond belief .


“ We ’ll do the pregnancy test in a few minutes .
Let ’s check your vitals . ”
She put my file on the counter , picked up her stethoscope .


Eyes , heart , lungs , reflexes , and breasts exam followed ; Dr . Chambers took her profession seriously .


“ Okay , put your feet in the stirrups . ”


I complied .


“ Any recent sexual activity ? ”


“ No . ”


I stared at the ceiling and listened as Dr . Chambers washed her hands and put on sterile gloves .
She sat on the small stool at the end of the examination table .
The crank of the forceps made me jump .
How could even an exam make me feel violated ?


I gritted my teeth , trying not to cry as the exam continued .
It lasted only a minute but felt like hours .


She removed the forceps .
The snap of the gloves made me jump again .
Water splashed in the small sink while the smell of soap and hand sanitizer filled the air .


I removed my feet from the stirrups , glad this part of the exam had ended .
I wiped away a stray tear .


“ Ebony . ”
She paused .
“ Are you okay ?
Is there something you want to share ? ”


My eyes went wide .
My first reaction : deny , deny , deny .
Embarrassment followed .


“ I … no , I … ”


She patted my knee .
“ It ’s okay . ”
She retrieved tissue for watering eyes that betrayed my secret .
“ Was it your boyfriend ? ”
Her voice remained gentle as she sat back down on the stool .


“ No , please , do n’t … ”
I begged when she reached for my file again .
She put it down .
“ No , Brian would never … ”


She waited for a beat .
“ Do you know the man who raped you ? ”


I hung my head , unable to meet her concerned gaze , wondering how she ’d known .
“ Yes . ”


“ Have you filed a police report ? ”


“ No ! ”
Dr . Chambers watched , but did n’t seem surprised .
“ No , ” I said again , in a calmer voice .
“ I ca n’t file a report .
It was my fault . ”


“ Rape is never your fault , Ebony .
If you were having sex with someone , even if it ’s your boyfriend , and you change your mind , it would still not be your fault . ”


“ I should n’t have been there … ”
Every ounce of guilt that I ’d packed away came barreling down on me .
Tears that disappeared months ago flooded back and ran down my face .


“ Still not your fault , ” she repeated , her voice stern .
“ Have you told anyone what happened ? ”


I shook my head and dried my eyes .
“ You ’re the only one who knows .
Not even my boyfriend …
I could n’t tell him . ”


She waited before speaking again .
“ Do you plan on telling him ? ”


“ I ca n’t … it ’s complicated . ”


Her eyebrows furrowed .
“ Have you had sex with him since the rape ? ”
Genuine concern blazed in her eyes .
It felt good having someone to talk to , even if I was n’t sharing everything .


“ No .
He ’s been out of town for the last couple of months , working .
This happened after he left . ”
I looked down ; the tissue in my hands was nearly shredded .
“ He ’ll be back soon .
I do n’t know if I can handle sleeping with him . ”


Dr . Chambers nodded .
“ Do n’t do anything you ’re not comfortable with .
To be honest , Ebony , you need to tell him .
If you keep it to yourself , he ’ll never know there ’s a problem .
Keeping it inside wo n’t help you recover mentally or physically . ”
She patted my knee again , then gave me privacy while I was getting dressed .
A few minutes later a nurse came in to collect samples for my tests .


I knew deep in my heart what my doctor said was true .
It would be impossible to be with Brian again without sex being involved .
After being apart for three months , he ’d made it clear how much he wanted me .


My period would n’t be due for a few more weeks , and there were no other valid excuses to buy myself time .
Not knowing what would happen between us made me wary .


Dr . Chambers handed me several pamphlets when she returned .
“ Look over these . ”


I read the titles .
They were about recovering from rape .
I opened my mouth to protest , but she held up a hand .


“ How you handle this is your business .
What you ’ve told me was doctor / patient confidentiality .
Your life does n’t seem to be in danger , and you ’re not a threat to yourself or anyone else .
I do n’t know how you ’re coping with this , but I strongly suggest you seek counseling .
You ca n’t hold it in forever , Ebony .
If seeing a counselor makes you uncomfortable , confide in someone close to you .
You need to seek help or else it could affect your health .
As it is , your blood pressure is elevated .
The pregnancy test results are negative .
Stress is probably what ’s affecting your period .
You need to remove as much stress from your life as possible .
Your emotional health is just as important as your physical health . ”


Counseling .


I stuffed the pamphlets in my purse .
I would review them in the privacy of my bedroom .


It felt good telling Dr . Chambers without her judging me .
Talking to a professional could be a good thing , but seeing one would mean an obvious change in my routine .
Brian ’s return would make it hard to explain absences without lying and saying nothing was wrong .


But something was wrong .
He just did n’t need to know about it .


Ever .


There were five days until his return .


Three days until the results of my STD test came back .


Please , God , let everything still be okay .


* * *


Brian waited on the other side of that door .
The man I loved and desperately wanted to be with .


The man I ’d hidden secrets from .


My heart raced as I shifted the overnight bag in my hand .


When Brian told me of his plans for the weekend , I ’d nearly screamed for joy .
The idea of seeing him again made my heart soar .


Until I thought about how much Brian looked forward to having sex .
He ’d made his intentions clear on the phone .
My moment of euphoria took a nosedive , crashed and burned .


Our reunion should have been fraught with happiness , joy , and sex — mad , crazy , wild , happy - to - see - you - and - baby - did - I - miss - you sex .
Instead , sex was the last thing I wanted to think about , yet the only thing I could think about .


My tests came back clean ; no STDs .
As grateful as I was for the information , it did n’t mean I was ready for the intimacy Brian expected .


The doorknob twisted and a second later , he appeared .
Tall , tanned , and wearing a five o’ clock shadow .
His hair had grown longer ; the blond curls rested at the nape of his neck .


But his eyes , those deep wells of ocean blue , pulled me in hard and fast ; I could hardly breathe .


“ Ebony … ”


He took two steps and lifted me off the ground .
My bag slipped from my fingers and dropped to the floor as he carried me into the room .
The door closed heavily behind us .
His kisses rained over my face , my mouth , and my neck .


“ I ’ve missed you , baby . ”
His mouth met mine in a kiss that melted the ice that had formed in my veins since the night of my attack .
“ Are you crying ? ”
His fingers wiped gently across my cheeks .


I could hear the concern in his voice and see it in his eyes .


“ I do n’t know whether to laugh or cry , ” I stuttered .


Not true , I wanted to cry .
A lot .
I wanted to wrap my arms around him and confess every lie I ’d told him .
I wanted to hear him say everything would be okay , and he would never leave me .
I wanted to tell him about my ordeal , so he could help me survive .


But I could n’t .


Brian smoothed hair from my face , chuckled , and kissed me again .
He took my hand and led me to the edge of the bed .
Every nerve in my body tensed .
My heart raced and my hands shook .
He wanted to make love .
Could I handle it ?


He sat on the edge of the bed , pulled me into his lap , and held me tight .
His arms were strong and felt like home .
His head rested on my shoulder .
He was n’t rushing ; this was pure , physical contact .
This I could handle .
This I needed .


I rested my cheek against his soft curls .
His damp hair smelled of shampoo .
His cologne , the sexy , male scent he wore , called to me .
My Brian was home .


“ I did n’t know I would miss you so much , ” he whispered .


“ Me neither . ”


He looked up into my eyes .
His finger traced the side of my jaw .


All I saw was love .
The man I ’d yearned for , wanted , and needed was back in my life .
My world had teetered back and forth for months as I tried to find some form of balance .
Yet just looking into his eyes made it all right .


I no longer questioned or felt fear .
Just love , pure love , want , and desire .
How could I deny what he deserved ?


“ Make love to me . ”
The words came effortlessly .


As if he ’d been waiting for my queue , Brian gave me what I asked for .
He kissed me deeply , passionately … slowly .


Love and longing sent my heart racing .
Heat my body had n’t felt since our last night together washed over me , solidifying my need to be with him .


Rough fingers that knew my body well unbuttoned my shirt .
“ I ’ve missed these , ” he murmured , his fingers slid over the exposed swell of my breasts .
Lips and mouth followed as he lowered the cups of my bra .


I closed my eyes and let my head fall back , reveling in the contact of hot mouth and fingertips .
For the first time in months , I allowed myself to relax , for my body to be touched , stroked … loved .


After Javan ’s vicious attack …
Oh , no , please , not now …


Images of that night began to emerge .
Pain .
Vulnerability .
Helplessness .


The memory threatened to break my vow of silence .
My heart now raced for a completely different reason .


“ Baby , what ’s wrong ? ”
He stopped kissing me .
The lust in his eyes turned to concern as he massaged my back .
“ You ’re tense .
Did I hurt you ? ”


I blinked and forced myself back to the present .
I was here , in a hotel room with Brian .
This was n’t three months ago ; this was now .


I forced the thoughts of the past from my mind and centered on the man who watched me with love and genuine concern .


I could do this .
I could exorcise the past and be the woman Brian had left behind .
I wanted to be …
I needed to be .


Instead of answering , I stood , pushed off my shirt , and unhooked my bra .
Partially naked , I straddled him .
Brian ’s gaze traveled down at my exposed skin .
He wasted no time pulling his shirt over his head .
His smooth sun - kissed skin begged for my attention .
Heat flashed in his eyes when I pushed him back on the bed .
Inch by inch , I ravaged him with teeth and tongue .


“ Ah … that feels so good … baby … protection … we need … ” he managed to say in between his sounds of pleasure .


I forced my mouth away from his flesh and stood to remove his pants .
Even though I ’d worked out the details of birth control with my doctor , I was n’t about to skip this step again .
The pain of my decision months ago still lingered and would never go away .
“ Where ? ”


“ My bag … in the chair . ”


I followed the line of his arm , willing myself over to the bag and emptied its contents on the floor .
Prize in hand , I tossed it over to him and shimmied out of jeans while he moved farther up the bed , his eyes intent on me .


“ A lot of women try to get with band members , Ebony .
None of them could get my attention because all I could think about was you . ”
He slid the condom in place .
“ Come here , beautiful . ”


Naked , I crawled up the length of his body .
My eyes were on his as I straddled him and guided him home .


There was pain .
Pain from not having sex in three months .
Pain from the healed flesh inside of me .


My body was n’t as ready as it needed to be to accept him , but I did n’t care .
I needed him .
The feel of him , the firmness of him against me , inside of me , made me whole .


Brian had no idea of the whirlpool of emotions surging inside of me , yet he moved slowly , caressing my back , my hips , and thighs .
He reached up to brush fallen hair out of my face .
Then our eyes met , silently communicating what we wanted as our bodies moved in unison .


Pain slowly gave way to pleasure , as I focused on the here and now .
On the softness of his touch , the urgent need of his kiss , and the wonderful feeling as he filled the very heart of me .


“ Baby , let me … ”
His grip on my hips tightened as he moved to roll me on my back .


“ No , like this . ”
I planted my hands beside his head , and leaned down to kiss him while holding him in place .


He wanted to take charge of our lovemaking ; his urge to push deep inside me obvious on his face .
But I was n’t ready for that .
Even though we were making love , having him tower over me would bring back the memory of …


No , not again .


I needed the control .
In the past , our lovemaking was about desire and need .
Rough and hard , even when we started off slowly .
Brian was an amazing lover .
Even though he may have wanted more , he seemed to sense my need to take things slowly and did n’t push to change positions .


I sat up , rested my hands on his smooth chest , and rocked harder , faster .
The shift of my body , forcing him deeper , made us both cry out in pleasure .


“ God , Ebony …
I love you . ”
He gripped me tighter and pushed up to give me everything he had .


When I came , there were tears in my eyes .
He followed right behind me , his eyes focused on me .


This is what had been missing .
My physical healing had been over long ago .
Maybe now my emotional healing could begin .


I melted onto his chest and nestled in the warmth of his body .
His arms folded around me and held firm .
We remained connected , neither one of us moved .


My lips grazed his throat .
“ I love you , too , Brian .
I ’ m glad you ’re home . ”
I wiped the silent flow of tears .


He kissed me .
“ I promise never to leave you like that again . ”
His words were gentle despite the conviction in his voice .


“ No , Brian .
Do n’t promise me you wo n’t leave again because it ’s not fair .
If another opportunity like this comes up , you take it . ”
I poked him in the chest with my fingernail .


“ Ow . ”
He rubbed the red spot .


I sat up to look him directly in the eye and wiped my face .
“ Promise me , Brian .
Do n’t give up on something you ’ve been working for since before we met .
Do n’t give up your dream because of me . ”


Brian ’s eyes widened .
“ Ebony , I do n’t want — ”


“ I do n’t want you to jeopardize your career .
You ’d end up hating me in the end . ”


He pulled me back to his chest .
“ There ’s no way I ’d hate you .
How about a compromise ?
We ’ll talk it over first .
I did n’t do it this time , and the guilt nearly killed me .
In the end , the decision will be mine . ”
A finger ran down my cheek .
“ You ’re part of my life .
What I do affects you , too .
Just like your decisions affect me .
If your job needs you to go away , believe me , baby , I will support you . ”


I swallowed hard .
He had no idea how much his statement rang true .
My secret would go with me to the grave ; no way would I let my mistake ruin his life .
Besides , I ’d handled it this long .


“ That ’s fair , ” I conceded , my throat dry .


He smiled and kissed me again .


I would never get enough of his kisses or listening to the rhythm of his heart .


“ Tell me about it , Brian . ”
I shifted off him and snuggled in his arms .
During his time away , he ’d told me numerous stories about his experiences , both good and bad .
Right now , hearing his voice soothed me .


My head bounced as his chest moved when he laughed .
“ Did n’t you hear enough of those stories ? ”


“ Yeah , but tell me again . ”


Brian lowered his head and looked at me skeptically .
“ If it will make you happy … ”


I was beyond happy .
We were together again , and I was in his arms in a room that smelled like … roses .


For the first time , I noticed my surroundings .
Roses , dozens of them — red , pink , and yellow — lined the dresser , the nightstand , and the table .
Even the bed had red and yellow rose petals scattered across the sheets .


We ’d made love on a bed of roses .


The room was a pale shade of burgundy accented with antique furniture , a deep mahogany , and fit the room perfectly .
The headboard of the king - sized bed nearly reached the ceiling .


On the nightstand , sat a metal bucket filled with ice and an unopened bottle of what appeared to be champagne .
Next to it sat a box of my favorite chocolate .


Even though the sun still glowed outside , the shades were drawn , and candles burned brightly around the room .
The lights led a pathway to the bathroom where more candles illuminated the giant bathtub .


My heart swelled .
“ Oh , Brian … ”


He stopped talking .
“ What ’s wrong ?
You ’re crying again . ”
He knuckled away my tears .


“ It ’s beautiful , the room .
I did n’t notice it before . ”


“ Well , you were crying then , too .
I know it ’s too soon , but this is the honeymoon suite . ”
Worry displayed in his eyes again .
“ Are you sure you ’re okay ? ”


I stared deep into his eyes .
So many emotions ran through me .
Happiness , fear , joy , and sadness .
“ Yes , I ’ m okay . ”


I prayed I would never have to lie to him again .


* Chapter 27 Chapter 27 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 27


_ * * Brian * * _


Why did Ebony ’s _ “ I ’ m okay ” _ sound like a lie ?


From the moment Ebony had arrived , she ’d been crying .
I suspected something was wrong for months .
But what ?


Ebony never gave me the impression of being needy or clingy .
She was strong and independent with a good head on her shoulders .
Why the sudden change ?


It still irritated me that she had refused my help before I left .
Some of the women in my past would have jumped at the opportunity .
I did n’t get it .
Why would she think my helping her would be an inconvenience ?
Did n’t she know how much I loved her ?
How much I wanted to take care of her ?
I ’d made my intentions clear .


We ’d been together for nearly five months .
We ’d just scratched the surface of each other ’s lives .
A typical relationship would mean we would know more about each other than we did right now .
But our relationship was n’t typical .


While I was away , a part of me worried she would one day refuse my calls .
Nothing , not even how good the sex was , required her to wait for me .


I risked everything we ’d built when I accepted the job .
I never asked how she felt about leaving her behind .
I assumed everything would work out , because it ’s what I wanted .


The opportunity of a lifetime .


But love , true love , only happened once .


Did my decision to leave cause the change ?


What I felt was real , and she seemed to feel the same way .
We ’d talked every day I was gone .
I ’d faithfully deposited money in her account every week , even when she said she did n’t need it .


I looked over at the love of my life as she slept .
Ebony had no idea how beautiful she was .
This was the image I took to bed with me every night while away .
This is what I thought of when woman followed me around at the after - parties or hung around backstage offering sex in order to get closer to the artist we played for .


Two weeks into the tour , I stopped counting how many women sneaked into my bedroom with offers I ordinarily would n’t have refused .
Nobody could take Ebony ’s place .
Losing her because of some stupid one - night stand would not be worth it .


Now that we were together again , why the hell was I paranoid ?


For the last couple of months , I ’d asked what bothered her .
It always seemed to be work , school , or that damn orangutan .
I was n’t buying it .
If she ’d had a problem with me leaving and told me , we could deal with it in the open .
Holding it in only built pent - up anger .


Now that I was home , there was no way for her to avoid telling me how she really felt .
I ’d learned to read her body language during our first few dates .
There would be no way for her to continue to hide from me .


I was ready and willing to work through any problem she threw at me .
All she needed to do was tell me the truth .
We had two days to spend in our own world , thanks to Yasmine .
There would be plenty of time to catch up .
When we returned home , I would know the truth .


Ebony shifted in the bed , deep in sleep .
During the course of the evening , she ’d fallen into a deep slumber as I ’d never seen .
For the longest time , she ’d held me as if she was afraid I ’d leave and never return .


I replaced my body with the pillow my head had been resting on and went to the bathroom .
She looked peaceful when I returned .
I pulled on a pair of jeans and walked down the hall to retrieve more ice to keep the champagne chilled .


When I returned , she had n’t moved an inch .
Her naked body lay exposed for my viewing pleasure .
I stepped back to appreciate every curvy inch .
Her caramel skin was as soft and smooth as I ’d remembered , though she ’d seemed a little slimmer .
The sexy fragrance she wore mixed with her own natural scent , called to my primal urge to claim her .
Not just as my lover , but as my woman , my wife .


But Ebony was not mine to own .
She gave herself willingly ; I appreciated that more than I could ever explain .


I loved her mind and spirit the most .
Ebony ’s desire to work hard to achieve her goals was a quality to admire .
Her selfless support was a trait not easily found in goal - oriented women .


No woman from my past would ever compare .
I honestly did n’t think another one ever could .


Almond - shaped brown eyes peered up from the pillow she clung to .
“ _Mmm_ …
I did n’t mean to sleep . ”
She yawned and rolled over on her back .
Her chocolate - covered nipples had my mouth watering .
Damn she was distracting .


“ You look tired . ”
I slipped out of my jeans and back into bed , bringing the sheet up to cover our bodies .


She maneuvered herself into my arms again .
Her arm wrapped around my waist possessively .


Unable to resist , I ran my hand down her arm , across smooth , soft skin .


“ It ’s been a busy week .
School , work , and watching Nala .
Nothing I ca n’t handle . ”


I studied her eyes ; she looked away .


Then it hit me .
I was an ass .
Three months had gone by since the last time we ’d been together .


How could I have forgotten ?
Being on the road , moving from city to city , practicing , and playing day after day …
The only time I thought about that night had been to distract me from temptation knocking on my door .


“ Ebony , what ’s on your mind ? ”
I angled my head to watch her .


A flicker of fear passed in her eyes .
“ What do you mean ? ”
She shifted slightly , pulling the sheet tighter across her chest .


I tried to remember the moment she ’d taken off her clothes .
My focus had been getting inside her ; I did n’t pay attention to her stomach .
Had it been flat ?
Had it changed to a slightly rounder form ?


She ’d been on top when we ’d made love ; I did n’t explore her body the way I wanted to .
Ebony kept me lying on the bed unable to give her what I know she liked .


Was it possible I would hurt the baby ?


“ Are you pregnant ? ”
I took a deep breath and waited for her reply .


Her eyes widened .
“ What ? ”
She sat up .


I did the same .
“ Did you find out ?
If you ’re pregnant just tell me .
We can work through it . ”


“ I ’ m not pregnant , Brian .
I ’ve been having my period . ”


“ Are you sure ?
I ’ve heard my sisters say they still had a period at least a month before realizing — ”


“ I took a test last week . ”
Her grip on the sheet loosened as the corners of her mouth tilted .
“ Wait a minute .
You paid attention to your sisters ’ talk about being pregnant ? ”
She laughed , a genuine sound that eased the moment of tension .
“ My brother practically ran away the moment Shana or I mentioned the words bra , tampons , pads , or periods . ”


“ Hey , I was the only boy in a house with four older sisters .
There was nowhere to go . ”
I returned her smile .
“ Besides , I figured the information would come in handy one day . ”


Ebony continued to laugh as she slid out of bed .


“ Where are you going ? ”


“ To take a closer look at this enormous tub in the bathroom .
I wonder if it can fit two ? ”
She threw an alluring glance over her shoulder .


I watched her perfect body ’s seductive glide into the candle - lit bathroom .
Wicked thoughts came to mind as she leaned over the tub and ran water .


Unable to resist an open invitation to try something new , I grabbed the ice bucket , champagne , glasses , the chocolate , and the box of condoms .
I did n’t plan to leave the tub until the water turned to ice or our bodies shriveled beyond recognition .


Tonight we would catch up on everything physical .
After that , I ’d find out what was really bothering her .


* Chapter 28 Chapter 28 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 28


_ * * Brian * * _


My bedroom had never looked so inviting .


After three months of sleeping in the cramped quarters of the tour bus with six grown men and crashing in hotels , this was paradise .
Well , not exactly , because my _Eve_ was n’t here .


Ebony and I made the most of our weekend .
The establishment run by Yasmine ’s family had been the perfect place to reconnect .


Once she ’d stopped crying .


We spent most of our time in that room .
Oddly enough , we were in the Honeymoon Suite , the perfect backdrop for my future intentions .
We lived off room service , wearing nothing until our last evening .
We ’d walked hand - in - hand in the rose garden outside of our room .
Ebony posed for some beautiful pictures I took with my cell phone .
By the end of our stay , her smile and the glow in her eyes had returned .


But that was on the surface .
I still had n’t discovered what problem dwelled beneath the smiles she forced for my benefit .
When she did n’t know I was looking , strained emotions took over her flawless face , as if she were in actual pain .


All of my attempts to ask had failed .
Ebony knew exactly how to redirect my intentions with a flash of skin .
After three months without her , it did n’t take much to lose my desire of intelligent conversation .


Now it was time to jump back into the real world .


First things first , open up the window and let in some fresh air .
The room smelled like a closed - up tomb .
No doubt , the door had remained closed the entire time I was gone .
Everything was just as I left it .
Including the clothes hamper , which held what I ’d worn the last time I was here .
They needed washed just like the clothes in my suitcase .


Maybe my mom would be so happy to see me that she would do my laundry .
I chuckled .
Yeah right .
My mother stopped washing my clothes when I was in college .
She ’d found a thong as she pulled clothes out of the drier .
It was n’t mine , of course , but she ’d decided quickly she had no interest in what I did outside of her house .


I emptied my clothes from my suitcase into the basket .
I could wash clothes when I visited my mom .
My family knew I ’d returned and respected the fact I needed to spend time with Ebony first .
Her red thong fell out of the bag and onto the floor .
I smiled and stuffed it into its new home in my nightstand .
She was n’t getting them back .


Which reminded me , the sheets needed washing .
I stuffed those in a bag too .
I planned to have her over as soon as possible and did n’t want her lying on sheets that had been on the bed for months .


Everything needed to be perfect .
I intended to get to the bottom of things the next time we were together .
By the end of our first night at the hotel , I ’d realized expecting a straight answer about what was on her mind was foolish .
Reconnection on a primal level was the one thing both of us needed .
We held conversations over the phone for months .
We were aware of what was going on in each other ’s lives .
There was nothing else to catch up on except the basic human need of physical contact .
Long , lustful , erotic - as - hell sinful contact .
We ’d got that one down in record time .


My stomach growled , reminding me of another basic need : food .
I scavenged the fridge and came up with a bottle of beer .
Javan always kept beer , but the pickings for something edible were slim .
I was the one who kept the refrigerator full .
He tended to eat out or pick something up on his way home .
I glanced at my watch .
Javan would n’t be off work for another five hours .
I made note to grab some wings and fries from the Hot Wing Café on the way back from my parents ’ .
We ’d catch up over dinner .


In the living room , I walked over to my CD collection in search of music to listen to in the truck .


Strange , the disks were out of order .
I kept my CDs in alphabetical order by genre .


Ebony .
She probably grabbed a few disks when she ’d come for her ID .
It was the only explanation that made sense .
Javan never touched my music .


After thirty minutes of reorganization , two disks were missing .
I decided to worry about it later .


My cell phone chimed , alerting me to an incoming message .
Peter confirmed our scheduled meeting for this evening .
After replying , I grabbed my clothesbasket and headed for my truck .


My cousins had done a good job of running the business .
I felt like a proud papa .
They ’d rarely called to ask questions , and my customers continued to be satisfied .
They did n’t know I kept tabs .


I checked my business account weekly .
Peter made sure deposits were made on time and in full amounts .
They ’d done such a good job I planned to let them run the business for a while longer .


After returning to L.A. , B and D Records offered a paying studio job .
Accepting the offer had been a no - brainer .
The only problem was it hindered my ability to run my business effectively .
I needed to clear my schedule as much as possible .
I could be called in at any time during the day or night .
My routines would revolve around whatever artist they assigned me to work with .
I could n’t afford to be in the middle of cutting grass , hot and sweaty when I got the call .
I had to be sure I had time to shower and change before reporting to the studio .


My cousins , on the other hand , could manage the business around their school schedule .
I would let them keep the lawn tools and customer base .
Thanks to their father , Dylan had inherited an old work truck .
It was perfect for a teen with no wheels ; plus they could use it to get from job to job .


If they accepted my offer , I would officially have two full - time employees .


* * *


A few hours later , I returned from my parents ’ house with a hamper of freshly washed clothes and nearly half of my father ’s apple pie .
My mother swore Dad would be okay with sharing .
Apparently , I was the only one who snagged pieces , which meant his waistline expanded while I was away .
He had n’t made it home before I left to confirm , so I ’d taken her word for it .


Visiting my mother yielded two things : a dinner invite for Ebony and me on Sunday and the knowledge my mother had spoken to Ebony nearly once a week while I was away .


Ebony never mentioned it .
I wondered why ?


Javan ’s car was in the driveway when I returned home .


He was n’t in the living room when I walked in carrying dinner and a fresh six - pack of beer .
“ Yo , Javan , where are you ? ”
I set the meal down on the kitchen counter and roamed the house .


He was n’t in his bedroom either , which meant one thing .


I walked into the weight room , formally known as the garage and storage space .
“ Hey , man . ”


Javan was on the bench , lifting weights as I walked in .
He sat up , shirtless , with sweat pouring down his forehead and chest , his breath ragged .


He nodded in my direction but did n’t get up .
“ What ’s up ? ”
He appeared to have benched 175 pounds .


I ’d done my fair share of weightlifting , but intense workouts were never my favorite thing to do .
When we were roommates in college , the testosterone of being eighteen flooded our bodies and drove us to compete regularly .
Weights , running , sit ups , women .
You name it … we ’d probably competed in it .
We both experienced our fair share of losses and wins .


Eventually , I found other means to satisfy my need to show off .
Joining the band and surfing became my outlets .
My business took up the rest of my time .
Unlike Javan , my father did n’t send me checks every month to support me .


His father was a well - known psychologist in Atlanta , Georgia .
Once Javan graduated , his father gave him a Dodge Charger and pulled strings for him to get a job at a local practice .


Javan was used to getting what he wanted .
The words , _no_ and _hard work_ were obscene in his vocabulary .
To this day I could n’t understand why we remained friends after college .


He was n’t a bad guy .
Yeah , he could be selfish , arrogant , egotistical and , at times , a straight pain in the ass .
But when I needed him , he ’d been there .


“ You have n’t missed a day lifting weights . ”


Javan flexed .
“ Gotta give the ladies what they want . ”
He eyed his biceps longer than necessary .


“ Ladies ?
I heard you were down to one now . ”
I walked over to spot him when he leaned back and gripped the barbell again .


“ Yeah , well … we ’ve gotten … kind of serious … since you ’ve … been gone … ”
He paused to catch his breath .
“ A lot has changed . ”


“ You can say that again , ” I muttered .


He did another set of presses , sat up , grabbed a towel , and wiped his face .
“ So , did you guys hook back up ? ”


“ Oh , yeah . ”
I grinned at the memory .
“ I did n’t know I would miss her so much . ”


He laughed .
“ Yeah , a good piece of ass is hard to forget . ”


“ Ebony is not a piece of ass , but you ’re right ; she ’s hard to forget .
If everything keeps going this good , I ’ m going to marry her . ”


“ Marry her ?
You ’re seriously thinking of marrying a black woman ?
Have you met her family yet ? ”


I hooked my thumbs in the front pockets of my jeans .
“ No .
I plan to spend the next couple of months getting to know everything about her , including her family .
In December , I ’ll take her home and meet them . ”
At least that was my plan .
Ebony did n’t know a thing about it .


Javan snickered .
“ I ’d love to be a fly on that wall . ”


“ I ’ m not worried .
If … when I marry her , it will be Ebony who ’s my wife , not her family .
If they wo n’t support us , mine will . ”


He grabbed a bottle of water , gulped , and watched me .
“ Have you wondered why she ’s still with you ?
I mean , could dating you be an experiment ?
You know what I ’ m saying ?
What if you got all wrapped up and found out she really wants to go back to black ? ”
His chest puffed out .
“ What if she used you as a means to stay busy while waiting for her dream man ?
I ’ m sure her parents will have a lot to say about who she marries . ”
He gathered his towel and strolled back into the house .
When he reached the door , he paused .
“ You might want to see if she cheated while you were gone . ”


“ What ? ”
I stared at him .


“ Think about it .
You guys had n’t been together long .
Then you leave her alone . ”
He shrugged .
“ It would n’t take much for a brother to , ” he sucked his teeth and smirked , “ pick her up and take care of where you left off .
Yasmine mentioned she ’d been acting weird lately .
But do n’t pay me any attention , what do I know ? ”
He laughed as he walked off .


I stood rooted to the floor and watched as he disappeared through the door .


My chest felt tight .
Ebony cheating on me was the last thing I was worried about .
She did n’t waste time telling me if she did n’t want something .
She ’d made that clear the night we ’d met .


She had n’t shown any signs of wanting out of our relationship .
Did I miss something ?
Could that be the reason why she ’d changed ?
Was there someone else waiting in the wings for her to push me away ?


Maybe spending time at the hotel had been too much .
Maybe her intention had been to break up with me , face - to - face , but I messed up the plan by surprising her with a romantic weekend .


Damn .
I did n’t know what to think .


We needed to talk .
We were in my bed the first time we made love .
It was there we ’d promised to be together when I returned .
Maybe when I got her there again , in my arms and in my bed , she ’d be ready to tell me what was really going on .


* Chapter 29 Chapter 29 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 29


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ Ebony , hello ?
Are you in there ? ”


The tap on my shoulder and waving hand in my face nearly caused me to jump out of my skin .


“ Are you okay ?
You seem distracted . ”
Laura , another zoo intern , stood staring at me .


I blinked rapidly while shaking my head and focused on the sleeping infant in my arms .


Nala had n’t gotten any better over the weekend .
Instead , her condition had worsened .
Watching her energetic spark burn out , depressed me .
Her eyes were sallow and her weight continued to decrease .
I ’d spent the past three months wrapping my life around caring for her .
It felt like her demise warned of the failure of my own future .


Nala had been born the week I meet Brian .
As she grew , so did our relationship .
Her illness had started after Brian left , after my rape .
Since his return , she continued to get worse .


Right after I ’d looked him in the face and lied .


It seemed as though no matter what I did , the lie compounded .
Any effort to rectify it would expose my secret .


“ I ’ m okay , just tired , ” I said .
“ Brian came back in town , and we spent the weekend together . ”
Which made no sense .
It was Wednesday , not Monday .
It did n’t stop busybody Laura from getting a kick out of it , though .


“ You ’re still worn out ?
Way to go , Ebony ! ”
Her laughter filled the room as she pulled supplies out of a cabinet .


If it were only that simple .


The most rest I ’d gotten in months came from sleeping in Brian ’s arms .
But that had changed the moment I opened my mouth .


Continuing my claim of being _okay_ did n’t seem big at the time .
But I never expected him to ask about pregnancy .


After our one - night _oops_ , neither of us had spoken of the situation again .
Brian ’s hectic road schedule kept his mind on music .
I struggled to forget the rape and the chance of catching an STD .
Keeping my secret was more important to me than mentioning the results of a pregnancy test .


The possibility of carrying Javan ’s child had scared me more than having Brian ’s baby .
The guilt I ’d had after taking the morning - after pill and knowing I could have killed the baby of the man I loved would never leave .


Brian assumed something was wrong and had tried to question me .
Trying to keep his mind diverted had worn me out physically .
Not that I was complaining .
Being able to make love repeatedly chased away some of the demons that plagued me .


But I was still a liar .
I ’d stolen something from him and needed to give him an explanation .


How could I explain it ?
_Brian , to be sure you did n’t get me pregnant , I took measures to kill our baby . _


That would be the biggest lie of all .
Whether I was pregnant or not , intentionally killing our baby never would have happened .
_ “ A child made from love , ” _ Brian had said when he placed his hand lovingly on my belly .


A wave of nausea hit me as I imagined saying , _I got raped .
There ’s a chance I could have gotten pregnant .
To be safe , I took a pill to get rid of anything growing inside me . Oops . _


The truth would be just as bad as the lie .


The implications of my decision made my head spin .


When it was time for my break , I handed the sleeping orangutan to another volunteer before heading for the breakroom .
I found an empty table and spread out my notes for school .


I had a lot to catch up .
Since the rape , my grades had slipped .
Keeping my mind focused on my responsibilities had gotten harder .
Three months of not sleeping in order to avoid nightmares had left me exhausted .


The one bright spot in my life — besides Brian ’s return — had been finding an animal clinic that allowed me to work and earn credits needed for graduation .
Unfortunately , it was n’t a paying job .
Brian ’s continued donations to my bank account were the only things making it easier to breathe .
Damn , I hated taking his money .
No matter how many times I ’d told him not to put any more in the account , the more it seemed to show up in larger amounts .
Honestly , I did n’t know what I would have done without him .


I owed him so much , yet I ’d held back from him .


My conscience was eating me alive .


Guilt plagued me when my cell phone rang .


“ Hey , baby , are you busy ? ”


I closed my eyes and focused on Brian ’s voice .
Despite my guilt , his voice continued to soothe me .


“ Taking a break , what are you doing ? ”
I closed the notebook and gave him my full attention .


“ I ’ m leaving practice at the studio .
I was on my way home and started thinking of you .
The days have been flying by .
Even though you ’re not far away , it seems as if it ’s just as hard to be with you . ”


“ Yeah , I know .
I should have a few days off later this week . ”


“ I hope one of them is Sunday .
My mom invited us for dinner . ”


“ I ’ m off then .
Visiting your parents would be fun . ”


“ Good .
By the way , why did n’t you tell me you ’d been talking to my mom ? ”


“ Oops , busted . ”
I laughed lightly .


“ You can say that again .
Why did n’t you tell me ? ”


“ I did n’t want you to think of me as the clingy girlfriend .
I called her one day to say hello .
And I do n’t know , talking to your mom felt as though I was near you . ”


I had n’t told her what happened , but hearing the voice of wisdom from an older woman after my attack had reassured me .
I could have talked to my mother , but she would have known something was up within five minutes of calling .
Mrs .
Young did n’t know me , so there was nothing to fear .


Brian was quiet on the phone .


“ I ’ m sorry if I crossed a line by not telling you . ”


“ No , that ’s fine .
It just surprised me she was the one who told me . ”


Lie by omission .
Thank God I was n’t Pinocchio .


“ Well , your mom enjoyed sharing childhood stories . ”
I needed to get his mind off asking more questions .
The demeanor coming through the phone felt as if he was going there again .


Brian groaned .
“ I do n’t like where this is headed . ”


I forced out a laugh .
“ My favorite was when your father jumped on the phone and told me you were a junior . ”


Another groan .


“ You never told me your full name was Winfred Brian Young the Third . ”
This time my laugh was real .


“ Your response is the reason why I choose not to tell people . ”
He tried to sound upset , but a chuckle slipped out .


“ So you were never going to tell me ?
When was I going to find out my lover was really named Winfred ?
When we got to the altar ? ”


Brian ’s laugh faltered slightly .
“ I do n’t know .
Maybe I planned on taking my secret to the grave . ”


I cringed .
That was an odd thing for him to say .
Did he know what secret I held ?


“ So , no calling you Winfred ? ”
I kept my voice light .


“ No .
The only Winfred is my dad . ”


“ _Hmm_ , okay , so Winky is out , too ? ”
I waited for his response .


His father , Winfred the Second , had me rolling on the floor in tears as he shared the story of Brian ’s childhood nickname .
After years of having girl after girl , Mr . Young grew resigned to not having a son .
Then one day , Brian slipped in . Mr . Young , ecstatic at no longer being the only penis in the house , nicknamed him Winky because his penis was n’t the same size as his .
The nickname stuck until Brian got old enough to understand what it meant .
He threatened to run away from home if they called him that again .


Seconds passed without a response .
Maybe now had not been the time for jokes .


“ Just for the record , you outgrew the Winky nickname a long , long time ago . ”
I lowered my voice to sound sultry without drawing attention from my coworkers .


He chuckled .
“ Care to prove it tonight ?
You ’ve damaged my ego .
It could use some stroking . ”


I closed my eyes .
The tense sound in his voice seemed to dissipate .
I would love to spend time with him again .
I needed to figure out how to answer whatever questions he had without digging a bigger hole for myself .


“ What do you have in mind ? ”


“ My place , tonight .
Pack a bag and spend the night with me . ”


For once , I was glad we were on the phone .
It would be impossible to hide the horror in my eyes .
I could not go back to his house .


Javan would be there .


My heart raced , my lips went dry , and my entire body shook .
I ’d managed to avoid him for the past three months .
Especially when he came to pick up Yasmine .
Brian ’s presence would never ease my fear .


I steeled my voice in an effort to sound as normal as possible .
“ I ca n’t .
I have a paper due Friday .
If I come over tonight , it ’ll never get done . ” _Liar , liar , pants on fire_ .
Dammit .


“ You had my hopes up .
My ego will never recover . ”


“ I ’ll make it up to you .
Why do n’t you come over Friday night ?
I ’ll be worth the wait . ”


“ You ’re always worth the wait . ”
His voice lowered , taking on a thoughtful tone .
“ I guess I can suffer through a few more days . ”
He paused .
“ We need to talk , Ebony .
Please be free on Friday .
Whatever it takes , I ’ll be there .
Okay ? ”


My internal alarm went off .
_We need to talk_ .
Those words never led to a happy ending .


“ Is everything okay ? ”
I blurted .


“ Yeah .
I realized something the other day , and it ’s my fault .
We ’ll talk about it Friday . ”


“ Okay , my place as soon as you ’re free . ”


“ Your place . ”
The line went quiet for a moment .
“ I love you , Ebony . ”
His words seemed to leave a lot of something unspoken .


I swallowed hard .
“ I love you , too . ”


* Chapter 30 Chapter 30 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 30


_ * * Brian * * _


I waited patiently in the living room of Ebony ’s house for her to come downstairs .
As excited as I was to be with her again , I dreaded the conversation we needed to have .
How did I approach it ?
What did I say ?


I ’d been musing over the thoughts for the past few days and still had n’t come up with an answer .


She looked as beautiful as always in a brown dress , which complimented her complexion and eyes .
We kissed when she reached the bottom of the stairs .
But in the truck , we rode in silence .


Ebony ’s gaze focused out the window , taking in the scenery as we drove .


It was Sunday evening , and we were driving to my parents ’ house for dinner .
I was glad to be with her again .
I ’d canceled our plans for Friday night due to a last - minute late - night recording session .
It pissed me off when we waited for nearly three hours for the artist to show up .
We worked well into the wee hours of the morning before quitting .
On Saturday , I slept most of the day .


Now it was Sunday , and we both were on edge .


Over the last few days , I ’d pushed what Javan said aside .
Why should I believe him ?
Ebony could n’t have made love to me the way she did if she wanted to be with another man .
She could n’t fake what I ’d seen in her eyes or her whispered words .


I could n’t ignore the changes , but I was sure it did n’t involve another man .
It could n’t .


The only valuable advice Javan gave me regarded dealing with her family .
The last conversation we had about family dealt with her sharing her brother ’s and sister ’s opinions about us .
We still had n’t talked about her parents .
In the end , their influence would affect our future , good or bad .


Since we were on the way to visit my family , there was no time like the present to bring it up again .


I reached for her hand .
It felt soft in mine .


“ Can we talk ? ”
I focused on her eyes as mine left the road .


The nervousness came back .


Although she smiled with her lips , it had n’t reached her eyes .
She squeezed my hand .
“ What ’s on your mind ? ”


I turned back to the road .
“ Family .
I ’ m glad you get along with mine .
It means a lot to me . ”


“ You were right , Brian .
They are wonderful people . ”


“ I would n’t have it any other way .
That ’s what I want to talk about .
Have you talked to your parents yet ? ”
I risked looking at her again .
She seemed surprised .
“ When we started dating , you were adamant about their opinions .
You told me how your brother and sister felt .
What about your parents ? ”


She turned her attention back to the road .
“ My parents … they do n’t know . ”


I inhaled sharply , forcing myself to think before I spoke again .
I glanced over at her profile .
“ You have n’t told them ? ”


“ No . ”
Her attention stayed on the road .


“ Why ?
If your siblings know , why keep your mom and dad in the dark ?
Are you ashamed of me ? ”


“ No , Brian , why would I be ashamed of you ? ”
This time she did look at me .
“ I ’ m not ready to hear their opinion , that ’s all .
My parents are n’t as understanding as yours . ”


I clamped my jaw shut to keep from shouting the thoughts in my mind .
I did n’t care whether they accepted me or not , I just wanted her to acknowledge our relationship to her family , the same way I ’d told mine .


“ Would your parents be opinionated about someone you ’re in love with ? ”


“ I do n’t know .
And honestly , I do n’t want to know .
I like the way things are between us .
It ’s you and me .
I do n’t care what my family thinks .
The only reason Tre and Shana know is because she talked it out of me . ”


I faced her when we reached a red light .
“ You mean you would n’t have told them ? ”
Something in the pit of my stomach dropped .


“ I honestly do n’t know .
What I do know is when she asked , I did n’t hold back .
I ’ m not ashamed of you or this relationship .
I would rather not invite unnecessary issues into it . ”
She faced me .
“ I ’ m sure you do n’t understand my reasoning .
Do I plan to tell them ?
Yes , in my own time , when they ’ll be more understanding .
Telling them I ’ m dating a white man when every time I talk to them they ’re telling me about an available black man … it ’s not how I want to tell them about you .
I do n’t want them to think I ’ m with you because of what they say .
When they meet you , they need to have fresh eyes .
I want them to accept you and appreciate how happy you ’ve made me .
I do n’t want them biased . ”


The light turned green , and I pushed on the gas .
She had a valid argument .


“ What if that day never comes ?
Do you think they ’d stop pushing guys at you if you let them know you were in a relationship ? ”


“ I do n’t know . ”
A flicker of uncertainty passed over her face .


I pulled her hand to my mouth and kissed it .
“ Do n’t wait for our wedding day to tell them , okay ? ”


“ I ’d never do that .
I want my father to walk me down the aisle and give me to you with his full approval . ”


“ I do , too .
But this is about us , not them .
You ’re the one I want to marry . ”


She glanced over at me , a slight smile on her face .
“ You still want to marry me ? ”


“ Always , ” I said with as much conviction as I could muster .


Our fingers intertwined .
She had n’t answered all of my questions , but it would be enough for now .
Everything from now on would be about actions .
Ebony was with me because it ’s what she wanted .
Dredging up anything else would be asking for trouble .


“ I ’ve never been more serious about a woman in my life . ”
The words popped out of my mouth .
“ I want to make you happy . ”


Ebony unstrapped her seatbelt and leaned across the middle console .


“ What are you doing — ”


She planted a big kiss on my mouth and slid back to her side of the car .
“ You have no idea how happy you make me . ”


This time , I could see she meant what she said .
It was in her eyes .
The knot in my stomach unraveled .


“ I ’ m glad there was no oncoming traffic . ”
I licked the flavored lip - gloss she ’d left behind .


“ I checked first . ”
Our fingers locked together again .


Our conversation had only scratched the surface , but it would be enough to keep our relationship moving toward our goal .
For now .


* * *


Cars jammed my parents ’ driveway and the curb when we arrived .


“ Whoa , what ’s going on here ? ”
I looked over at Ebony .
“ Do you know ? ”


She appeared surprised too .
“ Not a clue . ”


We held hands as we walked to the door .
Before I could ring the bell , Bridget pulled the door open and flung her arms around me .


“ Baby brother ! ”


Ebony laughed as our fingers slipped apart from the force of the hug .


“ Ow . ”
Man , love hurt .


“ He ’s here ! ” she yelled over her shoulder before turning back to face us .
“ Ebony , it ’s good to see you . ”
Bridget hugged her as well .
“ Come on guys , everyone ’s out back . ”


Bridget ’s enthusiasm was infectious as she tugged us through the house to the patio .
When we entered , everyone cheered .


I glanced around the backyard before Bridgette pushed me to the receiving line .
A WELCOME HOME banner hung on the newly built gazebo .
My father had fired up the grill again , and the family had added folding tables to the yard .
All the trimmings for a Young family barbeque were in place , along with coolers filled with ice and drinks .


Hug after hug came from family and friends as I walked down the line of waiting arms .
Everyone seemed to be there : aunts , uncles , grandparents , nieces , nephews , and my sisters .


My mother and father waited at the end of the receiving line .
I ’d just finished hugging my mom and shaking my father ’s hand when a voice I had n’t heard in two years floated over his shoulder .
“ I knew you ’d do it one day . ”


My cousin Brad emerged from the crowd .


“ No shit ! ”
I laughed .


“ Brian ! ”
My mother swatted my shoulder .


We grabbed each other in a bear hug .
“ What are you doing here ? ”
I punched him in the shoulder as we stepped back and appraised each other .


Brad had gained weight since I ’d seen him .
We were thick as thieves as kids .
He was two years older than I was and had dark hair and blue eyes , and yet girls often thought we were brothers .
He ’d gotten a good job offer and moved to Florida two years ago .
The man was a graphic designer wiz .


“ Aunt Laura told me you would be home this week .
I came out to visit my mom .
Imagine my surprise when I found out you ’d been traveling doing concerts .
That ’s awesome , man . ”
It was my turn to take a punch .


“ Thanks .
It looks as though life ’s been good for you . ”
I reached over and poked his midsection .


“ It definitely has . ”
His chest poked out in pride .


“ We ’ve got a lot of catching up to do . ”


“ Tell me about it .
Let me start by introducing you to my wife . ”
Brad held out his hand and a dark - colored hand connected with his .


I followed the arm to a green - eyed beauty with long curly hair .
Brad had married a black woman .
It was hard to keep my mouth from dropping open .
We always had similar taste in women .


“ Brian , this is Tierra . ”


I shut my mouth and grinned .
“ It ’s nice to meet you . ”
I gestured Ebony over .
“ Baby , this is my crazy cousin Brad and his wife , Tierra .
Guys , this is my girlfriend , Ebony . ”


We stared at one other before sharing a laugh .


“ It ’s nice to finally meet you . ”
Tierra gave me a hug .
“ Brad has told me so many stories . ”
She repeated the gesture to Ebony .
“ It ’s nice to meet you , too . ”


“ You have to share those stories , ” Ebony said , her smile wide .
Obvious surprise was all over her face .


“ Let ’s exchange numbers , ” Tierra suggested .


Brad and I stood side - by - side and watched our ladies walk off .
It did n’t take a rocket scientist to know what they had in common or what they ’d want to talk about : interracial dating and marriage .
I had plenty of questions for Brad .


Before the night had ended , we were definitely making plans to double date while they were in town .


* Chapter 31 Chapter 31 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 31


_ * * Brian * * _


“ Yasmine is going to hate us , ” I said .


“ Yeah , but we ’ve been out with them before .
Your cousin is only in town for a few more days , ” Ebony murmured against my mouth and slipped her lips over mine .
Her fingers caressed the nape of my neck .


Instead of replying , I kissed her back .
We were standing in the doorway of my house .
Our scheduled dinner date with Brad and Tierra was only minutes away from where I lived .


My hands were on her hips , my fingers slowly inched up the hem of her dress .
“ They ’d understand if we were a few minutes late . ”


The logistics of making love against the wall in the foyer would n’t be hard .
I had a condom in my pocket , and Ebony ’s clothing allowed easy access …


“ No , we should go . ”


I did n’t miss the change of inflection in her voice .
I pulled back and watched her regard the hallway behind me .
“ You ’d rather wait until later ?
Even better , then I can get you completely naked . ”
I shut the door behind me and followed her down the driveway .


Her laugh sounded forced .


“ Why do n’t you drive ? ”
She handed me the keys to her car .


“ Is there something wrong with my truck ? ”
I cocked an eyebrow .


“ No , we always drive your truck .
We can look a little classier this time . ”
She joked , but her heart was n’t in it .


I palmed her keys , walked to the Nissan Maxima , and opened the door for her .
We had all night to discuss whatever issues bothered her at my place after dinner .


Brad and Tierra were waiting when we arrived at the Mexican restaurant .
The women exchanged hugs while Brad and I shook hands .
We sat at the bar , ordered a round of drinks , and waited until a table became available .
Ebony and Tierra sat on the only available stools at a small round table while we stood behind them in the crowded space .
I contemplated sitting on the stool with Ebony in my lap after repeatedly being bumped into by the servers that rushed by .


Appraising our surroundings , it did n’t take long to notice the amount of attention we were getting from the restaurant patrons .
People always watched us .
I usually paid it no attention , not giving a damn about anyone ’s opinions .
But after Javan ’s remarks , it was hard not to notice the narrow - minded people around us .
What they thought was n’t my concern .
I only cared about Ebony ’s well - being .
She fidgeted in front of me .
Apparently the sight of two white men with two beautiful black women was more than most people could handle .


It impressed me that Brad and Tierra were snuggled together ignoring the stares .


That ’s how I wanted our relationship to be .
No matter where we were , it would be about us .
My gaze fell upon a table of black men , their eyes riveted on Brad and me .
I stepped closer to Ebony , put my arm around her waist , and held her possessively , daring anyone to come over and say something about it .


“ How do you guys do it ? ”
Ebony asked .


Tierra responded first .
“ How do we ignore the stares ? ”


Ebony nodded .


“ By entertaining them . ”
She signaled Brad with a finger .
He laughed and leaned down for a kiss .


The kiss was n’t graphic or X - rated , just not rushed .
A glance at the men who ’d been watching , revealed brazen disgust plastered on their faces as they went back to their drinks .


Brad smiled down at his wife .
I could feel the love radiating from them as he ran a finger over her cheek .
“ I love you . ”


“ I love you more , ” Tierra replied , gazing back at him .
It was as if no one , including Ebony and I , existed .
“ Do you guys kiss in public ? ”
Her attention turned back to us .


Ebony laughed nervously .
“ Well , our first kiss was in public .
We hold hands all the time but do n’t kiss very often … in places like this . ”


“ If I kiss her , we ’re liable to be arrested for indecent exposure . ”


“ Brian . ”
Ebony swatted my arm .


“ I ’ m serious .
Every time I kiss you , I want to get you naked , not arrested . ”


Brad chuckled .
“ How long have you been together ? ”


“ Five months , ” Ebony answered .
“ How about you guys ? ”


“ A year and a half .
We ’ve been married for two months , ” Tierra replied .


Realization dawned on me .
“ No wonder I did n’t get an invite to the wedding .
I ’d been out of town . ”


Brad shook his head .
“ We did n’t do the big wedding thing .
We kept it simple . ”


“ What he means is , we got married in Vegas , ” Tierra corrected .


“ It was n’t what we ’d planned . ”
Brad sipped his beer .
“ It was n’t spontaneous either .
We were already engaged . ”


“ Then , why Vegas ? ”
Ebony sat in rapt attention .


Tierra sighed .
“ Because of my family . ”
She shot Ebony a knowing glance .
“ When my parents heard about Brad , about his job , and how well he treated me , they could n’t wait to meet him .
But then they found out he was n’t black … ”
Her voice faltered .


Brad rubbed her shoulders .
“ I could n’t win them over .
They cut her off from family gatherings … ”
He shook his head in disgust .


“ They call us if it ’s an emergency or to find out if I ’ m still with the _white boy_ . ”
She huffed .
“ It pisses me off that my family is so narrow - mined . ”


“ It hurt to watch her deal with that kind of rejection ; she comes from such a close - knit family .
I tried to break things off , but she would n’t let me .
Instead , she asked me to marry her . ”


Tierra laughed and wiped the corner of her eyes .
“ I surprised the hell out of him . ”


“ You can say that again .
Here I am breaking up with her and she says , _marry me_ .
I realized it should have been me asking the question instead of trying to let her go . ”


“ That ’s amazing . ”
Ebony ’s eyes were wide with awe .
“ How did you guys end up in Vegas ? ”


“ My company sent me on a business trip .
A few days later , Tierra showed up to surprise me .
We decided to avoid the wedding planning and family drama and got married there . ”


“ We were marrying each other , not our families .
No one needed to be there except us , ” Tierra added .


Brad turned his gaze on me .
“ Is her family giving you any problems ? ”


“ My brother and sister are the only ones who know .
I have n’t told my parents , ” Ebony spoke up .


“ Why not ? ”
Tierra spoke directly to her .


“ Timing .
Right now they ’re trying to hook me up with sons of their friends .
Their minds are set on the type of man they think I should marry .
I do n’t want to just blurt out I ’ m dating Brian right after they tell me about yet another eligible black bachelor . ”


Tierra reached across the table and patted Ebony ’s hand .
“ Look , sweetie , I hate to tell you this , but their opinion of Brian is n’t going to change based on when you tell them .
It ’s not going to change how they feel .
What you need is to be prepared to deal with it . ”


“ I know , it ’s just — ”


“ Do you love him ? ”


“ With all my heart , ” Ebony said .


Hearing her say it aloud to someone else touched me to the depth of my soul .


“ Then do n’t waste time telling your family .
Either they ’ll accept the man you love or they wo n’t .
In the end , it ’s about the person you want to be with .
Brad and Brian come from a supportive family .
You ’ll never have to worry about being alone .
And you ’ll have me , too . ”
She smiled .


Ebony nodded , her hand rested on top of mine as I held her .
Everyone sat silent for a moment .


“ What does your family say now ? ”
Ebony broke the silence .


Tierra and Brad gazed at each other and shared a secret smile .
His hand slid down to her belly .
“ They ’re taking it in stride .
They have to if they want to get to know their first grandchild . ”
Tierra glowed .


“ Hold up , you guys are having a baby ? ”
My eyes widened in surprise .


“ Yeah , can you believe it ? ”
Brad followed his grin with a healthy swig of beer .
I watched his cheeks redden ; he appeared nervous about fatherhood .
“ Do n’t tell anyone yet .
We wanted to make an announcement last night , but my mom could n’t make it .
We ’re going to tell her tomorrow when we meet for lunch . ”


I walked around the table and gave Brad a one - armed man - hug , then patted him on the back .
“ Congratulations , both of you . ”


“ Congratulations , ” Ebony echoed and leaned across the table to hug Tierra , her eyes glistening .


Believing her tears were just a girl thing was out of the question .
Her tears solidified my desire to get to the bottom of things tonight .


“ Young , party of four , ” called the hostess .


We stood to follow her to our table .
I reached for Ebony ’s hand and stopped her .


Listening to their story had opened my eyes .
We were not the first interracial couple in the history of the world , but we were the only couple I knew of until now .


The time spent with Trina had been brief , but my feelings were not as deep as they were for Ebony .
I ’d thought long and hard about interracial dating after the run in with her brothers .
I was aware there would be obstacles in our path .
Tonight confirmed it .
I ’d never fully considered what Ebony ’s life could be like without the support and love of her family .
Tierra ’s tale of hurt was the last thing I wanted my love to deal with .


In the middle of the restaurant , I placed my hands on either side of her face and kissed her long and slowly .


Ebony laughed her surprise at the few claps from patrons .


“ Wow , I ’ m still dressed . ”


“ Yeah , but tonight , it ’s about us , okay ? ”


She reached up to wipe lip - gloss from my mouth .
“ Okay . ”


We headed for our table .


* Chapter 32 Chapter 32 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 32


_ * * Ebony * * _


Brian closed the passenger door , then walked around and climbed into the driver ’s seat .
We ’d been driving for a few minutes when I glanced over .
He was unusually quiet .
An overhead street light illuminated the car , showing him deep in thought .
His eyebrows furrowed , his deep blue eyes focused on the road , and both hands clenched the wheel .
Whatever was on his mind must have been serious .
He did n’t even acknowledge the radio when his favorite song came on .


Maybe we mused about the same thing .


Thank God my family was n’t giving me the same kind of grief Tierra ’s family gave her .
Then again , everyone in my family did n’t know about Brian .
My parents ’ thoughts on the situation worried me more than Lashana ’s or Trevon ’s opinions .


I had imagined what my parents would say once they found out .
My father , a man of few words , would probably give me the same stern look he ’d given me as a child .
The look that said I should rethink my decision and find another option .


My mother would ignore what I said and tell me about eligible bachelors number thirty - five and thirty - six … tall , dark , and blah , blah , blah .
She would pretend to listen and then insist a relationship with a black man would be easier than an interracial one .


That was n’t true .
Relationships , no matter what race , were difficult .
It took work on both people ’s parts to make it work .
Happiness and satisfaction had nothing to do with the color of someone ’s skin .


Okay , maybe that was n’t the complete truth .


The difference in skin color could make it harder to relate to each other on a certain level .
In the end , it all came down to how much emphasis we put on the differences .


But those differences , no matter how small or great , could make you become an open - minded person .
Those differences could keep your relationship alive and interesting as time went on .


The time spent with Patrick had taught me that being goal - oriented hard workers and the same race were the only things we had in common .
Our relationship lacked the most important things , such as support , genuine love , and understanding .
He ’d never approved of my job but wanted me to support him .


Brian was different ; he wanted me to succeed .
He loved and supported me , even when I turned away his help .
His feelings for me were genuine , not forced , not faked .


The only difference was the color of our skin .
What we looked like on the outside did n’t change what was inside , in our hearts .
I embraced our differences .
The texture of his hair , the color of his eyes , the firmness of his narrow lips …


Being with someone else would never be an option , black , white , or any other race .


I loved the man , the person , the human being .


I had to admit , Tierra made some valid points .
Telling my parents now or months from now would not change how they felt .
In the end , what mattered most was what I wanted .


I wanted Brian .


The illuminated lights on the dashboard read nine o’ clock , which meant it would be midnight in Charlotte .
It was too late to call , but first thing in the morning , I would .


Would n’t they be shocked when the phone rang with Brian and me on the other end ?


“ Baby , wake up . ”


Startled , I opened my eyes to find his hand extended to help me out of the car .


“ Thinking with your eyes closed is a dangerous thing to do . ”
I yawned .


His smile hid his thoughts .
“ It ’s been a busy week for both of us .
Come on . ”


I reached for his hand , holding tight as he drew me out of the car .
He locked our fingers together and guided me to the front door .
My heart raced as he dug in his pocket for his key .


Brian expected me to go inside .
My feet froze in place .
I could not think of a valid excuse to avoid going in .


“ What ’s wrong ? ”
He stopped at the top step .


“ Nothing …
I ’ m just … waking up . ” _Damn .
Another lie_ .


“ I can take care of that . ”
His grip tightened as we continued up the steps and he unlocked the door .


_Everything is going to be okay . _


Brian led us into the living room .


My legs were like one - hundred - pound weights glued to the floor .


“ I know you ’re tired , Ebony .
This will only take a moment . ”


My hesitation was misinterpreted .


Brian let go of my hand and walked to the CD shelf .


The loss of his hand in mine left me feeling abandoned .
Everything seemed to go into a tunnel as the memory of what happened at that very spot flashed before me , blocking Brian from my view .
It felt as if I watched a movie .


_Javan ’s massive frame towering above me , pinning me to the very shelf Brian stood before .
A whimper built in my throat .
“ Do n’t do this , Javan … please … ” _


_A piercing scream echoed in my head , causing me to jump .
Javan ’s laughter was vicious after he slammed me against the solid wooden case when I tried to run .
CDs rained down to the floor , dislodged from their resting place .
The chilling sound did nothing to mask my cries or his grunts as he took what he wanted , stripping me of my will . _


I could feel an echo of pain radiate down my back and arms while my knees grew weak from fear .
Tears stung my eyes as my lips quivered .
I forced my hand to my mouth before any sound escaped .


“ Ebony , did you hear me ? ”


Brian ’s voice brought me back .
I wiped my eyes before gripping my shoulders in an effort to keep my shaking limbs hidden .
His attention was on the discs in front of him .


“ What did you say ? ”
I managed after clearing my throat .


“ The _Sade_ CD , the one we listened to the night we first made love .
I ca n’t find it . ”
He continued to search .
“ _Hmm_ , ” he muttered .
“ I could have sworn it was here before I left town .
Did you take any of the discs the night you got your ID ?
There ’re a few missing . ”


My heart raced so fast I could hardly breathe .
“ Um , no . Brian , I ’ m going to the bathroom . ”


He nodded , still focused on the task at hand .


My escape managed , I closed the door as quietly as possible and locked it behind me .
At least Yasmine would have Javan away from the house for the night .
She ’d mentioned their plans to spend the night at the hotel instead of going back to either of their homes .


I had to pull myself together .
What happened to me had happened months ago to someone else .
A rueful chuckle escaped .
Why was I kidding myself ?
After I ’d tried to convince myself for three months that what happened was all a nightmare , why would it suddenly become true ?


“ Brian will protect me .
He wo n’t hurt me .
It ’s okay .
It ’s going to be okay . ”


I leaning against the countertop and repeated the mantra .
My head hung low and tears ran silently down my face .
Deep breathing helped me focus on the present and push the ghost of the past behind me .


My composure regained , I splashed water on my face and stepped into the hallway .
I walked with closed eyes past Javan ’s room , the scene of the worst night of my life .


_Javan pinned me to his bed .
Stripped of my dignity and invaded , I was unable to stop him .
Unable to cry out for help .
Unable to have Brian come to my rescue . _


When it was over , he ’d tossed what was left of my tattered clothing at me .
He ’d thrown the words _whore_ and _cunt_ at me as if I were nothing .
He ’d warned me to keep my mouth shut by threatening my future with Brian and my friendship with Yasmine .


And when he ’d dressed , he walked away and told me to get out , as if everything was my fault .


I ’d left as quickly as I could .
The short distance to Brian ’s room had felt like miles .


Brian stood next to the CD player .
“ I could n’t find it , but I have a suitable replacement . ”


“ Okay . ”
I forced myself to ignore the memory of Javan standing in this very doorway , tracking my every move .
Instead , I closed the door and watched Brian kick off his shoes and strip down to his briefs .
He dug into a drawer for a pair of gym shorts and placed my favorite sleeping shirt on the bed .


I closed my eyes tight .
The shirt I ’d wanted the night I ’d come here — alone .
It was the number - one reason I ’d decided against buying a new ID .
I reached for the fabric and held it to my chest .


Brian pulled the covers back on the bed and slid in between the sheets and waited for me .


_I can do this .
I can stay with Brian , in his arms_ …


Praying he would n’t register the fear in my eyes , I stripped down .
His shirt felt like an extra layer of protection as it slid over my body .


Brian was here ; Javan was not .
Nothing could go wrong .
Nothing bad would happen .


I slid into Brian ’s waiting arms , rested my head on his bare chest , and listened to his beating heart .
The cadence of its rhythm reminded me that I was exactly where I needed to be .


“ Brad and Tierra had one hell of a story , did n’t they ? ”
His fingers slid over my shoulder while he stared up at the ceiling .
The lamp by his side of the bed illuminated the room .


“ They are brave to push her family ’s feelings aside and consider their own happiness . ”
I paused .
“ I learned a lot from them . ”


“ That ’s good to know .
So did I . ”


“ Good , because — ”


Brian shifted in bed , pulling his arm from around me .
He rested on an elbow and faced me .
I leaned back on the pillow and focused on him .
I could n’t remember the last time he ’d looked so serious .
“ Ebony , since we ’ve been together , I ’ve had no interest in meeting other women .
You know I want to marry you . ”


My heart nearly stopped at the somber expression on his face and his intense gaze .


“ I ’ m not ignorant to the way black men regard you when we ’re out .
I ’ m not talking about the ones who have a problem with me being with you .
I ’ m talking about the ones who want you .
You told me when we first met that I was n’t what you wanted , physically … ”


My eyebrows narrowed .
“ Brian … ”
I pushed up from the pillow .
Where was this coming from ?
I made those remarks as an excuse not to be with him , hoping they would push him away .
Then I got to know him , before my heart broke the rules and fell in love with him .
I did n’t give a damn about his physique .
I loved his body ; I loved his skin .
I loved him .


“ Let me finish , ” he said , cutting me off .
“ Listening to Brad talk about his love for his wife and being willing to let go of her made me think . ”
He reached over and ran a finger over my cheek .
“ Because I love you , I ’ m willing to step back and let you find the man you ’re looking for . ”


“ What ? ”


Brian did n’t break at my outburst .
“ I know you love me , but I want you to be sure , without a doubt , it ’s me you want .
When you decide to talk to your parents … if they give you a hard time — ”


I steeled my voice .
“ Brian , baby , I know what I want , it ’s you , and there is no doubt . ”
My heart ached .
He could n’t possibly be serious .
Had he lost his damn mind ?
How many shots of tequila had he consumed at dinner ?


“ You say that now , but what if they threaten to disown you ?
I see how you feel about your family when you talk about them .
If they threatened to push you away for being with me , are you sure you would n’t listen to them ?
Are you sure you wo n’t want to be with someone else ?
He paused briefly .
“ Are you sure you would n’t rather be with someone like Javan ? ”
His voice was barely a murmur .


My mouth dropped open , and I felt the blood drain from my face .
Breathing became difficult .
My throat went dry and my voice was completely lost .


Where the hell had that come from ?
I was still trying to wrap my head around his statement when my cell phone rang .
I ignored it .
The ring tone eventually ended and silence permeated the room ; neither of us moved .


It rang again .
On the third ring , Brian got out of bed , retrieved it from my purse , and looked at the screen .


“ It ’s Yasmine . ”
He hit the answer button .
“ Yeah , she ’s right here , hold on . ”
He handed me the phone .


The expression on his face read as if we were discussing the weather .
But his eyes said differently .
I could perceive the pain and resolve hidden deep within the blue .


“ Hello ? ” my voice cracked .
Yasmine yelled in my ear , laughing with extreme enthusiasm as she shared her news .


News that made my blood run cold .
So cold my fingers went numb and the phone slipped from my grasp .


“ Ebony , what ’s wrong ? ”
Brian ’s voice seemed far away .


Just when I fooled myself into thinking things were getting better , my entire world collapsed around me .
All the strain I ’d endured to protect the ones I loved was going to hell .


Brian picked up the phone .
“ Yasmine ?
Hello ?
Damn , she hung up . ”
From a distance , I could hear the frustration in his voice .


Oh , God , oh no …


“ Baby , is everything okay ?
Did someone get hurt ? ”
Brian sat back on the bed next to me , rubbing my hand .


I could n’t face him .
Bile from my stomach neared my throat .


“ Worse .
Yasmine ’s going to marry Javan . ”


* Chapter 33 Chapter 33 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 33


_ * * Yasmine * * _


In my opinion , engagement sex was much better than dating sex .


Javan was beside me , panting , his eyes closed .
The man knew how to please .
And to think , I would be waking up next to him for the rest of my life .


When we started sleeping together , commitment of any kind was not the plan .
We ’d have dinner , maybe some pillow talk .
But mostly it was all about sexual satisfaction .


Then one day , Javan decided to take things to a different level .
Or had it been me who instigated the change ?


It really did n’t matter , because in the end , we both followed the other ’s lead .
Somehow , he ’d managed to put up with my ridiculous desire to put on a show about being together .
I planned mini anniversary dates where he ’d show up dressed to impress .
His long flowing dreads would be shiny and well maintained .
He ’d wear a tailored suit that fit his football frame to a _T_ .
A bottle of wine and roses would always be present .


And his sexy , wide - mouthed smile .
The same smile he wore when I took my time pleasing him .
The smile he wore now as he drifted off to sleep .


A small squeak escaped my smiling lips .
He ’d put in his share of work , but I ’d rocked his world thoroughly .


My heart could explode from the unfounded joy .


_I ’ m getting married ! _


So much to do , so little time .
Or was it ?
It all happened so fast we had n’t set a wedding date yet .


Javan surprised me by arriving before I got off work with a box of chocolates and a dozen yellow roses .
Our plans were to have dinner , of course .
It did n’t surprise me when Ebony and Brian opted not to hang with us .
Ordinarily I would have been mad , but not tonight .
At least one of them broke away from whatever kinky sex they were having and answered when I called to share my happy news .
Even though the call had ended abruptly , I knew deep down , she would be excited for me .


Ebony and I did n’t see eye - to - eye when it came to relationships .
I was happy she ’d finally found the right man for her .
Brian definitely knew how to take care of my girl .
I wished them happiness .


A smile spread across my face as Javan snored in his sleep .
I definitely had found mine .


Now that my life and relationship seemed to mirror hers , I hoped my dedication to the career I wanted would be the same .
Like Ebony , I would do whatever it took to see my dream come true .
Over the past few weeks , she ’d inspired me to make plans to transition to my dream job as a fashion consultant .
I ’d always had a passion for fashion , hell after growing up near Hollywood and Rodeo Drive , who would n’t ?


For the past two months , I ’d been toying with the idea to make my business official .
My parents did n’t know I had offered my services to hotel guests as a test study .
Since they worked primarily at the original hotel ’s location , I had unrestricted say over what happened here .
The only thing my father expected was paperwork and reports turned in on time , along with increased profits .
As long as I produced , he did n’t keep an eye on the day - to - day activities .


So far , I ’d averaged at least two clients a week .
I could only imagine what would happen once I advertised my services outside the hotel .
I ’d just started on my business plan .
When it was complete , I would present it to my father , and if all went well , they ’d not only give me their blessing , but financial backing as well .
If they agreed to let me rent out an unused room in the hotel , I would have an affordable storefront , and draw business to the hotel as well .
It would be a win - win for all .


If everything went according to plan , _Dreams_ would be up and running in three months .
But first , I had a wedding to plan .


For once , everything in my life had found a balance .
My only wish was that both of my friends would know happiness the way I did now .


I studied Javan ’s sleeping face .
He looked so peaceful .
We ’d failed to pull the sheets over us , so I took advantage and studied his delectable brown skin from head to toe .
Well , mostly the wonderful part between his powerful thighs .


Wicked thoughts came to mind .
How long would it take him to wake up if I …
Only one way to find out .


* Chapter 34 Chapter 34 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 34


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ Ebony , what ’s wrong ? ”


The stress in Brian ’s voice was audible .
How many times had he asked me this week ?


His fingers were warm when he brushed them over my skin and pulled my hair from my face while I threw up .


Yasmine is going to marry Javan .
What happened ?
They were n’t supposed to be together this long .
This was my fault .
I should have told her ; now it was too late .
Protecting her emotions had been one of the reasons for keeping what happened a secret .
Now , things were ten times worse .
She ’d done the one thing I never dreamed she ’d do .


She ’d let her heart get involved .


I could n’t let her go through with it .
I had to tell her about Javan .


“ Ebony , talk to me . ”


Oh , God , telling her meant Brian would find out , too .
What choice did I have ?
Continuing to keep this secret would only ruin Yasmine ’s life .
Had n’t I done enough already ?


I rose from the toilet ’s edge , moved to the sink , and rinsed the taste of bile from my mouth .


“ There ’s something you ’re not telling me .
You ’ve been acting strange lately , crying , and now you ’re throwing up ?
What is really going on ? ”
Brian grabbed my shoulders and spun me around to face him .
“ Are you sure you ’re not pregnant ? ”


Confusion and fear lined Brian ’s brow .
I could no longer continue to live this lie .
I had to have faith in our love .
I had to trust Brian would believe me .
I opened my mouth to speak , but the words I needed to say stuck in my throat .


“ No , I ’ m not . ”
I pulled away and turned back to the sink .


“ Then what is it ?
Why do you cry all the time ?
You ’ve been shedding tears as though , I do n’t know … as if you ’re not happy with me .
Damn it , Ebony , you even cry when we make love .
Is it me ?
Am I right ?
Would you rather be with someone else ? ”


I turned to face him , leaning against the counter ’s edge for support .
I had to find my voice .
“ No , Brian , it ’s not that .
I want to be with you … it ’s just … ”


He eyed me suspiciously .
“ It ’s just what ? ”
He huffed .
“ Ebony , you ’ve changed .
We used to get together any chance we could and it did n’t matter where we were .
Now we only spend time together on your terms .
At your place , or anywhere but here .
I damn near dragged you inside tonight !
You ’ve never acted that way before .
And now the moment Yasmine says she ’s marrying Javan , you run in here and … ”
His eyes narrowed .
“ That ’s it … shit ! ”
He spun and punched a hole in the bathroom wall .


I shrunk back , my heart pounding at his outburst .
I ’d never seen him angry before .
Fear crept into my veins .
“ Baby , what are you talking about ? ”


“ You ’d rather be with Javan , ” Brian said through tight lips .
“ He warned me , he flat out told me you ’d been with someone else , but I did n’t believe him .
I did n’t want to believe him .
What he really meant is you ’d been with him . ”
He shook his head in disgust .
“ Why ?
Ebony , you said you loved me .
And Yasmine … your best friend ? ”


“ He told you I slept with him ? ”
That arrogant son of a bitch .
He was n’t sure I would n’t tell Brian what he ’d done and covered his ass .
“ I did n’t sleep with Javan .
He raped me ! ”


The moment the words left my mouth , my eyes widened .
The ugly truth was out on the table .


“ That ’s a lie , ” Brian spat out .


I was speechless .
That ’s not how he was supposed to react .
Angry , yes , but not at me .
The man who loved me was supposed to pull me into his arms , tell me everything would be okay .


He was supposed to go find Javan and beat his ass .


Brian stalked the small space in the bathroom .
“ How could you lie ?
Rape ?
That ’s the one thing a woman can say to ruin a man ’s reputation for the rest of his life . ”
He faced me , his blue eyes ice cold .
“ You ’re a grown - ass woman , Ebony .
I ’ m a grown - ass man who , ” he chuckled darkly , “ loves you so much I was ready to step aside and let you decide if you wanted to be with someone else . ”
The tone of his voice went frigid as he squeezed his eyes shut and inhaled deeply .
“ Apparently I waited too long .
Since you ’ve made up your mind , we do n’t have to waste any more time .
Who do you want , me , him , or someone else ? ”
His eyes flashed opened and zeroed on me .


I was in complete shock .
Did he not hear a word I ’d said ?
How could the man I love not believe me ?
What reason did he have to accuse me of defamation of character ?


I breathed deeply .
I had to make Brian believe me .


“ I would never lie about something like this . ”
My body shook .
It took everything within me to project my voice .


His expression continued to show disbelief .
My word against Javan ’s strategic lie was not enough .


“ Do you remember the day after you left ?
You called …
I told you about my lost ID ? ”
He glared but did n’t answer .
“ You told Javan to let me in .
He did .
He followed me to your room and questioned me about our relationship .
He cornered me , Brian .
I made it to the living room . ”
My throat tightened , my breathing became rapid , making me lightheaded .
I shut my eyes , unable to avoid visualizing the scene once again .


“ He told me I should give him a try … ”
My voice faltered .
“ He backed me into the bookcase … your CDs fell … ”
Javan ’s ragged breathing flooded my ears .
“ I begged him to let me leave .
He laughed … he laughed . ”
Tears fell as the pain of the past few months forced its way out .
“ Oh , God , Brian , I ran and fell …
I fought , but he slammed me into the wall … ”
My rapid breathing made it impossible to articulate .
“ He dragged me to his room … and raped me . ”


Brian stared , his jaw clenched and he drew his lips into a tight line .
“ If he raped you , why did n’t you tell me ?
Why was n’t he arrested ? ”


“ Because , I did n’t want to hurt you !
I did n’t want you to stop what you were doing to see about me , I did n’t — ”


His hand flew up and stopped me in mid - sentence .
“ You know , I thought we could work through this .
I want you to be honest and just admit you slept with him .
I can deal with that .
But I ca n’t deal with the lies .
I ’ve never lied to you , Ebony .
Never about my feelings , my family … nothing .
I expect the same from you . ”
His eyes held pain and disbelief .
“ If all you can do is lie to me , then it ’s best if you leave . ”
Brian punched the door and stormed out of the bathroom .


Unable to stand on weak legs , I slid soundlessly to the floor .


What the hell had happened ?
I had been honest .
I ’d told the truth .
And now he no longer wanted me .


Javan ’s cynical laughter replayed in my head .
_ “ You cheated on him .
That ’s what he ’ll say .
Why would he believe you ? ” _


He was right .


Brian believed the liar , convinced the person who told the truth was the one being deceitful .


Javan had won .


I lost everything that mattered most .


The man I loved had walked away from me .


The moment Yasmine learned the truth ; I would lose my best friend .


And I might have lost our baby …


My heart broke into pieces on his bathroom floor .
I did the only thing I could , pulled myself together and went to his room .
He was n’t there .
I dressed quickly and gathered my things .


Brian sat on the sofa in the living room with his head in his hands .
Disheveled blond curls and blue eyes rimmed in red regarded me .
His lips parted to speak , but nothing came out .


So I spoke instead .
“ You ’re right , Brian .
I have lied , and I ’ m sorry .
But I would never lie about something like this . ”
My voice remained unbelievably controlled despite the whirlwind of emotions that flooded me as I died inside .
“ You asked about me being pregnant .
No , I ’ m not , but I could have been .
Now I ’ll never know .
Javan did n’t use a condom .
I took a morning - after pill to protect myself , to protect you .
I could n’t stand what would have happened if I was pregnant , not knowing whose child I carried .
What would have happened if I gave birth to a child that was n’t yours ?
Could you live with that ?
I never wanted you to find out about this , Brian .
I wanted to have your baby .
Now , because of what Javan did to me , I may have very well killed it .
You have no idea how much that hurts me . ”
My balled fist went to my stomach and my heart ; my breaths emerged ragged .
I took a deep breath to steady myself .


Brian ’s eyes widened .


“ Now I have to live with the consequences of my decisions .
You wanted honesty , there it is .
I swear to you , I ’ve never lied about my feelings for you .
I wish you would believe me , but if you do n’t … ”
Unable to continue , I took one last long look at him , praying he ’d say something .


He did n’t .


I turned and walked out the door .


I managed to hold my emotions in check as I backed out of his driveway .


Two miles down the road , I pulled into a gas station and succumbed to tears .


* Chapter 35 Chapter 35 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 35


_ * * Brian * * _


The woman I love just walked out of my life without slamming the door .


What the fuck had happened ?


Twenty minutes ago , we were in bed while I said the stupidest shit in my life .


_ “ I love you .
I want you to be happy .
I want you to be sure . ” _


It was all true .


I loved her deeply .
I wanted her to be happy with me .
I needed her to be sure .


Listening to Brad talk about how his willingness to give the love of his life up solidified their happy ending was admirable .
Was I wrong for wanting the same ?


Ebony made it known the night we met I was not her type .
But I wanted her .
My persistence eventually broke down her walls and let me in .
Not just as a friend , not just as a lover , but into her heart .


At least that ’s what I ’d thought .


Ebony was mine when I ’d left town .
She promised to wait for me .
I promised her I ’d be faithful , and I had been .
No matter how many times temptation to relieve the sexual frustration building inside waved itself in my face .


I never questioned her whereabouts nor speculated what she was doing the times she did n’t answer her phone .
Ebony never gave me a reason not to trust her with my heart .


I remembered the day she changed .
Things were fine the first day I was gone .
We talked , sent text messages , flirted on the phone , taunting and teasing late into the night .


Until day two .


It was the night of our first show and the stadium was filled to capacity .
Anxious to tell her about it , I called after two a.m. , even though she would be going to class early the next morning .
When there was no answer , I assumed she was asleep .
We had n’t missed a call the same time the night before .
I was disappointed , but understood .


That was the night Ebony had gone back to my house for the ID she claimed to have lost .


I closed my eyes .
Then it dawned on me .
She had n’t answered because she ’d been with Javan .
The image of her caramel legs spread wide for him , mocking me as he pumped inside of her pushed itself into my head .


He had n’t answered his cell either .


Dammit !


We talked the next day .
I asked about the missing card and it took a minute before she answered my question .
With all the problems she ’d endured because of losing the thing , it surprised me she had n’t been excited about getting her book .


I ’d sent her the money she needed and extra for anything else she had n’t mentioned .


Now I understood .


She used the lost ID as a ruse , a convenient excuse for her to slip in and fuck Javan ’s brains out .


Ebony was that damn good in bed .


I rubbed the aching spot in my chest , the place where my heart had been before she ripped it out .


No wonder he ’d been smug about the possibility of her cheating .
He ’d been joking about sleeping with her since the first time I mentioned her name .
If Ebony had given him a hint of wanting to fuck him , he would have jumped at the opportunity without thinking twice .


The sick bastard .


What happened to the Ebony I knew ?
The beautiful , caring , hard - working woman I ’d fallen in love with ?
That woman would never lie about her feelings for me , then sleep with my so - called friend .
My Ebony would never sleep with her best friend ’s boyfriend .


I rose from the sofa to pace the living room .


The last night we ’d spent in my bed before I left town blew my mind .
She declared her love for me .
She promised to wait for me .
She promised to love our baby if she ’d gotten pregnant .


The love we ’d made that night had been like nothing we ’d ever done before .
I knew without a doubt she wanted to be with me .


When I boarded the bus , she kissed me with such passion everyone within viewing distance knew the depth of our relationship .


If Ebony truly meant it , why in the hell would she cheat on me less than two days later ?


I could n’t wrap my head around it .


_ “ Javan raped me . ” _


Why allege the assault ?
I stopped in the middle of the living room and dug the heels of my palms into my eyes to wipe the memory of the conversation away .
It did n’t work .
Ebony ’s pained expression planted itself firmly in my mind .


Her face appeared to be a mixture of pain , sorrow , and relief .
Why would her telling me she ’d been raped — not made love to or even fucked — be a relief ?


If she cheated on me and I addressed it , would n’t she look guilty ?


There was no evidence of embarrassment or regret in her voice or her eyes .


My pace brought me to the CD shelf and blocked my path .


Ebony claimed Javan trapped her between the sofa and the door .


I tried to picture it in my mind .
Javan and I were the same height .
At six - two , Ebony ’s head stopped at my shoulder , making her the perfect height to lean down and kiss .
The difference in our height made me feel the need to protect her like a fragile vase in need of care so that it was n’t broken .


To Javan , she would be the perfect target for intimidation .


What had she said ?


_ “ He slammed me into the wall …
CDs hit the floor … ” _


My attention went directly to the shelf and the empty spaces of the missing discs .
When I had gotten home , the shelf had been out of order .
Javan very rarely borrowed any of the discs .
He preferred hi - tech equipment instead of old school CDs .
He ’d given me his entire collection after moving his music to MP3s .


Ebony had n’t borrowed any discs .


On a hunch , I pulled the shelf away from the wall .
Despite wishing I were wrong , the evidence did n’t lie .


The four - inch - wide dent in the wall had not been there when I left .
When I looked down , I spied the missing CDs half hidden beneath the corner of the shelf .
A thick layer of dust collected on them .


And there was Ebony ’s ID , covered in the same layer of dust .


My heart dropped to the floor , the same time my knees hit .
I wrapped my fingers tightly around the plastic .
My grip snapped it in half .


Ebony had been telling the truth .


Javan did rape her .


I am going to kill … that sick son of a bitch .


* Chapter 36 Chapter 36 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 36


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ Are you sure you ’re okay ? ”
Kaitlyn sat on the edge of my bed and handed me two aspirin and a cup of water .


She ’d been by my side since the moment I ’d walked in the door with red eyes and tear - stained cheeks .


“ Is it about Brian ? ”
The angrier she got , the more pronounced her country twang emerged .
“ Did he hit you ? ”


I swallowed the aspirin and chased it with the water .
“ Yes it ’s about Brian , but it ’s not what you think .
He ’d never lay a finger on me . ”
I drank more water .
Despite the cool liquid , my throat felt as dry as the Sahara desert .


“ I do n’t believe you . ”
Her suspicious eyes traveled over my body .


I glanced down at my disheveled clothing hastily thrown back on before leaving Brian ’s house .
“ Believe me . ”
I sat wearily , kicked off my heels , and pushed up from the bed to change my clothes .


The reflection in the mirror told it all .
My appearance had changed drastically from the time I ’d left earlier in the evening .
Every hair had been in place , make - up lightly applied , and a look of pure love and happiness had been on my face .


Now I looked like the emotional hell I ’d been through .


The look of hate on Brian ’s face when he accused me of lying would forever haunt me .


I would forever be _the other black woman_ who ’d broken his heart .


How had things gone so horribly wrong ?


From the beginning , Brian was vigilant , despite my attempts to discourage his advances .
He ’d done what I did n’t expect .
He ’d boldly declared his intentions for a relationship before getting me in his bed .
He ’d been honest about not wanting a quick lay ; he wanted me .
And true to his word , he ’d used every trick he could muster .


He ’d gotten inside my head before my pants .


Despite what had happened , I knew he still loved me , because God knew how much I loved him .


He had to still love me … he just had to .


It was hard to process the evening ’s events .
First , he ’d acted like a complete moron and suggested I leave him to be with someone else .
It would never happen , not even for a short period of time .
Just because his cousin ’s story had romantic elements mixed with a heroic gesture , which had led to a happy ending did n’t mean our relationship was in need of the same .


Why could n’t he understand it would never work for us ?
I would never see anyone else .
We would be two miserable people trying out a stupid trial separation that would n’t lead to anything .


I never got to address the matter .


Brian believed I cheated on him , not just with anyone , but with his so - called friend .
Nothing else that I said mattered .
Not the rape … not the possibility of a lost pregnancy .
All Brian saw was my supposed infidelity .


Javan had planted a diseased seed in Brian ’s head that sprouted into a tree of deceit .


I suspected Brian had been plagued with the fact he was n’t black .
Even though he hid it , I knew it messed with his ego .
I knew , because there were times when we had been together in public and I wished I could be white .
Not because I did n’t love my heritage , but because for once it would be nice to blend into the background and not feel like every whisper was about us .


My love and commitment to Brian and our relationship helped me ignore the negative and focus on the positive things between us .


Being with him was all I wanted .


Javan ’s lie was kindling onto an already smoldering fire .


I should have told my parents about us months ago .
If I had , maybe Brian would n’t have been so quick to believe what he ’d been told .
Now I knew why he ’d questioned me about my family .
He was worried I ’d leave him for someone my family would approve of .


I knew that would never happen ; he did n’t .


It should n’t have taken hearing Tierra talk about her family ’s negative opinions to convince me to shout my love for him from the rooftops .
Telling my siblings was not enough .
In the end , I should have known he ’d be concerned about my parents ’ opinions .
Especially since he intended to marry me .


Now it would never happen .


But Yasmine was going to marry Javan .


My head ached .


Hearing about their impending union had left me speechless .


Caught up in my own personal drama had made me blind to everything going on around me .
Trying to pretend Javan had n’t attacked me had not been wise .
I should have opened up and told Yasmine .
She should have known the man she was dealing with before her heart came out of its enclosed shell .
And now , because of me , it would be broken again .


Just like I ’d broken Brian ’s .
Although I had n’t physically done anything to hurt him , my lack of faith in our relationship was just as bad .


Despite my best intentions , what I thought of as my burden alone to bear had affected everyone around me .
Even Kaitlyn .


Emotionally exhausted , I slipped out of my dress and into jogging pants and an oversized T - shirt .


“ Did Yasmine say when she ’d be back ? ”


Kaitlyn continued to watch me .
“ I believe they ’re stayin ’ the night at the hotel .
Guess she ’ll be back in the mornin ’ . ”


It was nearly midnight .
The only option would be to wait it out until morning .


The shrill sound of the doorbell followed by pounding on the door made us both jump .


“ Who the hell is it at this time of night ? ”
Kaitlyn walked to my bedroom window .
“ It ’s Brian . ”


I gasped .
What was he doing here ?
Had he come to accuse me of more lies ?


The knocking and ringing continued with no signs of letting up .
“ Ebony , we need to talk ! ”
His voice drifted up to my bedroom window .


I sat rooted to my bed unsure how to react .


“ I take it you want me to answer the door , ” Kaitlyn said .
“ Do you want him to go away ? ”


Unable to articulate , I could n’t even shake my head .


Kaitlyn did n’t wait around .


Somehow , I managed to get on my feet and walk to my desk .
I rested my hands on the back of my chair and strained to hear the raised voices from downstairs .


“ Brian , no ! ”
Kaitlyn yelled .
“ She does n’t want to see you . ”


Heavy footsteps resounded on the stairs then stopped abruptly when Brian reached the threshold of my door .


“ Ebony … ” he said softly .
“ Baby , I ’ m so sorry … ”


I forced myself to look at him .
His intense gaze focused on me , yet he made no move to come closer .


Pain , worse than what I ’d experienced from Javan ’s hand , racked my body .
My grip on the chair tightened .
I made no attempt to hide my tears .
I did n’t know why he ’d come here , and I did n’t care .
The fact the word _baby_ had left his lips told me what I needed to know .


He still loved me .


Kaitlyn appeared in the doorway behind him .
“ Ebony , I tried to make him leave … ”
Brian ’s body blocked my view , but her voice carried over his shoulder .


“ It ’s okay , ” I managed .


Brian continued to watch me .
Pain , sorrow , and apology were in his eyes .


“ I ’ m an asshole , Ebony .
I never should have doubted you .
I should have listened .
Baby , I am so sorry . ”
The corners of his eyes glistened over bloodshot eyes .
He hesitated before taking another step toward me .


“ Why would you believe me now ? ”
Hearing him apologize was n’t enough .


“ Because of this , ” He held out broken pieces of my ID , the one I ’d lost , the catalyst of my nightmare .
“ I found it behind the CD shelf after moving it and found the gash in the wall .
Ebony … ”


My knees went weak from relief .
Brian caught me in mid - fall and held me tight against his body .
He carried me to the bed , sat down , and pulled me into his lap .


For the first time in months , I truly cried .
Tears of joy , tears of pain , and tears of sorrow .
Every unwept tear held inside of me found its way out .


I held onto Brian as tightly as he held onto me .
Although he did n’t make a sound , his quivering body told of silent tears as much as the wetness on his cheeks .


I pulled back , cupped his face in my hands , and waited for him to lift his sorrow - filled eyes to meet mine .


“ It ’s my fault .
I never should have left you . ”
His voice was rough with despair .
His hands no longer held my waist .
Instead , he ’d balled them into fists as his lips pulled in a grim line .


“ No , Brian , it ’s my fault .
I should have listened to you .
If I had , I never would have been there . ”


Kaitlyn cleared her throat .
“ Uh , excuse me .
I do n’t know what this tearful reunion is about .
Can somebody tell me somethin ’ ?
Is this any of my business , or should I leave you alone so you can stop cryin ’ and have hot make - up sex ? ”


Kaitlyn ’s comment obviously meant to lighten the mood did n’t work .


Brian looked at her briefly .
“ She does n’t know ? ”


“ Know what ? ”
Kaitlyn watched both of us .
Worry replaced curious humor .


I shook my head .


Brian ’s eyes stayed on mine .
“ Javan raped her while I was away , ” he said through clenched teeth .


“ What ? ”
Kaitlyn leaned against the door .
“ Are you okay ?
There was a pause as her hand went to her mouth .
“ Yasmine does n’t know , does she ? ”


“ No , ” I said .


“ Oh . My . God . ”
She stared at both of us in disbelief .


Brian focused on Kaitlyn .
“ Where are they ? ”
His voice went hard .


“ Uh , at the hotel where she works . ” she stuttered , her gaze flipping back and forth between us .


Brian kissed me gently , then firmly pushed me off his lap and stood .
“ Which room ? ”


“ The Honeymoon Suite , I think … ”
The moment it dawned on her why he ’d asked , her green eyes nearly bulged out of her head .


Brian stalked to the doorway where Kaitlyn stood .
“ Move , Kaitlyn . ”


“ What are ya gonna do ? ” she asked , standing toe - to - toe , her green eyes never wavering .


“ I ’ m going to kill him . ”
His voice was devoid of all emotion as he moved her effortlessly out of the way .


“ Brian , baby , no … ”
I rushed the door and stopped in my tracks when he turned on the top step and faced me .


“ He raped you , Ebony .
He forced himself on you and took what was mine .
He forced you to kill what could have been our child . ”
His voice dropped low , full of rage .
“ He nearly caused me to lose you . ”


Our eyes connected .
I could feel his anger and pain seep into my very skin .


“ We can call the police … find another way to handle this , ” I pleaded , hoping being rational would calm him down long enough to rethink his decision .


“ Call them and pray they get there first . ”


He disappeared down the steps in a flash .
The door to his truck slammed before his tires screamed as he peeled out of the driveway .


* Chapter 37 Chapter 37 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 37


_ * * Yasmine * * _


“ _Mmm_ , that feels good , do n’t stop . ”


Javan ’s large hand moved slowly , massaging my back .
Even though we ’d made love twice , the feel of his hands on my body ignited me like the first time .
“ So what do you think about June ? ”


His fingers froze .
“ For what ? ”


I rolled over on my back .
He looked delicious .
His thick dreads hung loosely , masking his face .
My eyes tracked to parted lips that waited for action , his deep penetrating gaze heavy with desire .
I bit my lip as my thigh brushed over his arousal .


I glided my fingers over a handful of locks as he leaned down and kissed me deeply .
I loved the way our lips locked together .
They felt like heaven and sin as his kiss moved down and worked my chin , my throat , and my breasts .


“ Oh , no , ” I giggled .
“ You ’re not avoiding this conversation .
What do you think about a June wedding ? ”


Javan regarded me with eyes so filled with desire he looked confused at the topic at hand .
His head — actually , both of them — focused on one thing .


His eyebrows furrowed .
“ That soon , Yasmine ? ”


“ June is nine months away .
There ’s so much to do .
I ’ve got to find a place for the wedding and reception .
We ’ve got to come up with a guest list .
I ’ve got to find a dress for the girls and for me .
And we ’ve got to find someplace to live .
Both of us have roommates so moving in together is not an option .
And , oh , God , we have n’t met each other ’s parents yet . ”


The expression on his face was comical .
“ I did n’t think about that . ”


“ Yeah , baby , it ’s work to get married .
But once we are , the benefits are … ”
I grinned wickedly .
“ Let me show you . ”
I pushed him onto his back and straddled him .


“ I like this part . ”
His voice went deep as he grabbed hold of my hips .


Our tongues were fighting their private war when heavy banging on the door startled us .


“ Did n’t you put the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door ? ”
His annoyance mirrored my own .


“ Yes . ”
My employees knew not to disturb me unless it was an emergency .
Such as the hotel being on fire .
“ This better not be about the computers , ” I mumbled and climbed off Javan to grab the guest robe from the bathroom .


Javan stayed in bed , smiling .
His thick biceps were pronounced as he shifted his arms behind his head .


The banging continued .


“ Go get ’ em , baby . ”
He chuckled .


I reached the door , twisted the lock , and yanked it open .
“ What the hell do you — Brian ? ”
He had a murderous expression on his face .
“ What ’s wrong ?
Is Ebony okay ? ”
I pulled the lapels of my robe tightly across my chest .


“ No , she is n’t . ”
His lips were drawn tight , his brows dropped low .
“ Where is he ? ”


I was really confused .
Brian should have been with Ebony , but she did n’t seem to be around .


“ Why do you — ”


“ Move . ”


I stood firm .
“ Not until you — ” Brian shoved past me and headed for the bed where Javan lay .


“ Your ass is mine , ” he growled .


_ * * Ebony * * _


“ Do you want me to call the cops ? ”
Kaitlyn asked .
She held her cell phone in one hand and gripped the door handle with the other .


I drove wildly , trying my best to catch Brian at the hotel before someone got hurt .
I struggled to keep from running red lights .


“ Come on , come on … ”
My palm ached from pounding the steering wheel .


“ Never mind .
The way you ’re drivin ’ the police will just follow us in . ”


“ Kaity , I do n’t know what to do .
This is all my fault .
I should have said something as soon as it happened . ”


“ Why did n’t you ? ”
I saw her turn to face me in my peripheral vision .


I glanced at her , then burned rubber the moment the light turned green .


“ Honestly , I did n’t think she ’d stay with him this long .
You know how Yasmine is , always with a new guy every few months .
Brian did n’t need the distraction while he was on the road .
He would have dropped everything and come home .
It would have ruined his career .
Plus , I was scared he would n’t want me anymore . ”


“ That ’s just plain stupid , ” she said .
“ Why did n’t you tell me ? ”
Another quick glance revealed hurt feelings on her face .
“ We ’re friends , Ebony .
I could have helped you .
You should n’t have dealt with this by yourself . ”


Another wave of guilt hit me .
“ Honestly , Kaity , I did n’t want you to keep it from Yasmine .
It would n’t have been fair to you .
I ’ m sorry . ”


She reached over and gripped my hand .
“ And you were pregnant ? ”


I shrugged .
“ I do n’t know .
I could have been .
Before Brian left , we ’d had a moment … and well , both of us were willing to accept the consequences .
The next night , Javan raped me and did n’t use protection .
It scared me .
I thought about what would happen if I ended up pregnant and the baby was his instead of Brian ’s .
I could n’t live with that , so I did what I had to do .
And I hate myself for it . ”


Her grip tightened .
“ God , Ebony , I am so sorry .
Whatever you need , I ’ m here for you . ”


“ What I need is to stop Brian from doing something stupid and destroying his career .
I ’ve got to get to him .
I need him . ”


“ I ’ m gonna call the police . ”
She placed the call with her free hand .


The lights of the hotel loomed in the distance .
I released her hand to grip the wheel and pushed the pedal to the floor .


_ * * Brian * * _


“ What the fuck , man ! ”
Javan grumbled as he scrambled naked from the bed and reached for his pants .
He hopped around on one leg to get them on .
Only the king - sized bed separated us .


My mind went all over the place taking everything in .
The fact Yasmine gripped my arm and shouted at me was insignificant to the hum of anger that buzzed in my ear .


I took one look at the bed and felt sick to my stomach .


This was the same room where Ebony and I ’d spent the weekend .
The room she cried in the moment I opened the door .


And then it hit me , a full shot to the chest .


She ’d made love to me after he ’d raped her .


How was that even possible ?
How could she want to be with me after that violent act ?
After having her will of what happened to her body stripped from her ?


The hatred for the man I considered my friend for the past ten years blazed out of control .
The logical part of my brain clicked off and went primal .


I vaulted the bed , grabbed him , and threw him against the wall with force I prayed felt twenty times worse than what he ’d done to Ebony .
I held him in place and , with my free arm , reached back as far as I could , and pounded his face .


“ Brian !
Oh , my God !
Stop , you ’re hurting him ! ”
Yasmine grabbed my fisted arm and put her full weight on it , slowing me down .


“ You , son of a bitch !
How could you do that to her ?
Why ? ”
I got a few more licks in and a kick to his groin before Yasmine managed to knock me off balance .


Javan slipped out of my grasp and slid down the wall , groaning and holding his sack .
It would n’t be long before his jaw , eye , and lips were black and blue .
The sight of blood pouring from his nose and cut lip gave me a small amount of satisfaction , but it was n’t even close to what I wanted him to feel .


“ Oh , no , Javan , baby … ”
Yasmine pushed past me , ripping the sheet from the bed to blot the blood running down his face .
“ Brian , what the hell is wrong with you ? ”


“ Whatever she said , the bitch is lying , ” he spat out along with blood .


“ Call her a bitch one more time , and you ’ll be picking teeth off the floor , ” I growled while pacing the room .
I wanted to push Yasmine out of the way and get to him again , but there was no way I ’d put my hands on her .


“ What the hell is going on ? ” she shouted .


Javan struggled to get up .
“ Brian ’s woman is a liar . ”


Yasmine looked at both of us in confusion .
“ Ebony ?
What are you talking about ? ”
When Javan did n’t supply an answer , she turned to me .


“ He raped her . ”
Saying the words again shot a pain to my stomach and chest .
Anger like I never felt before flared before my eyes .
I wanted to grab Javan ’s throat and keep him from breathing .


Yasmine ’s eyes flashed in disbelief .


Javan moved to get up again .


“ Sit your ass back down before I put it down for good , ” I warned .


Yasmine turned to him , an expression of confusion on her face .


“ Your girl is a _ho_ .
She wanted me to — ”


I stepped over to give him another helping of personal justice , but Yasmine beat me to it by giving him something akin to a bitch slap .
His head spun around , dreads swinging through the air as his head hit the wall .
I wanted to punch his teeth in , but her slap sufficed for now .


“ Do n’t talk about her like that !
And … _she wanted you to ? _
Brian never said Ebony ’s name .
Did you rape her ? ” she asked .


I could n’t see her face , but her voice sounded pained .


“ Because the bitch — ”


Yasmine ’s hand shot out again , but this time he caught it and twisted her wrist .
She yelled in pain .


“ Do n’t ever hit me again , bitch , ” Javan growled .


I got in his face in two strides .
“ Let her go , ” I said through gritted teeth .


My hands fisted in a handful of his dreads as I snatched him up off the ground , thankful for the excuse to exact my revenge .
He released her , shoving her away .
She stumbled to the floor .
Javan swung at me , his fist connected with my face and doubled back for my gut .
Adrenaline pumped through my veins ; I did n’t feel a thing .


His next swing missed as I dodged , leaned down , and rammed my head into his chest .
I wrapped my hands around his waist and slammed him back into the wall .
He pounded my back while I retaliated , throwing punch after punch into his gut .


“ Brian ! ”


In the midst of the yelling , grunting , and crashing of hotel furniture as we fought , Ebony ’s voice rang crystal clear in the room .
I managed to turn my head enough to see her standing horrified in the doorway with Kaitlyn on her heels .


* Chapter 38 Chapter 38 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 38


_ * * Ebony * * _


The sight before me made my heart stop .


Brian grappled in what looked like a fight to the death .
Javan pounded his fist into Brian ’s back while he punched him repeatedly .
Blood smeared them , the sheets , and the wall .


Yasmine was slumped a few feet away , shock , horror , and confusion in her eyes .
She rubbed her wrist , tears running down her face .


“ Brian , stop , baby , please !
The police are on the way ! ”
I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled while trying to avoid Javan ’s flying fist .
I succeeded with Kaitlyn ’s help .


Brian panted heavily as I guided him to the other side of the room , anxious to put as much space between them before someone got seriously injured .


“ Brian , look at me , please , you ’ve got to calm down , ” I pleaded .


“ Let me go , ” he ground out through clenched teeth as he pulled roughly at my hands .


His eyes remained focused on his target .
Blood ran from his cut lip .


“ Stop , baby , please .
You ’ve done it , you beat his ass , now please stop … ”
Tears were in my eyes and voice .
I held on tightly , refusing to let him go .


His eyes dropped down and focused on me .
I could tell the moment reason clicked back in because his eyes softened .
He pulled me close , and held tight .


“ Ebony , what the hell is going on ?
I do n’t understand . ”
Yasmine managed to stand , clutching at the robe she wore .
Her eyes shifted wildly around the room as she put distance between herself and everyone else in the room .


Kaitlyn went to her side and put her arms around her shoulders in support .


My heart ached more than I ’d ever imagined possible .
The next words uttered from my mouth were going to devastate her already damaged heart .


“ It ’s true .
Javan raped me . ”


Yasmine ’s eyes closed , her jaw clenched and unclenched in time with her fist .
“ When ? ”


“ The bitch is — ” Javan spat out , but stopped short the moment Brian pushed me aside to get to him .


“ No , Brian , that ’s enough , ” I begged .
He looked down at me and resumed his hold .
Satisfied he would stay put , I turned and faced her .
I looked her directly in the eye so she knew what I said to be true .


“ It happened after Brian left town .
I left my badge in his room .
Brian knew I was going over to get it because he called Javan and told him to let me in .
When I tried to leave , he dragged me into his room and — ”


“ Enough , ” Yasmine said through gritted teeth .
She opened her eyes and tears poured down her face .


“ She ’s tellin ’ the truth , Yaz .
Brian did n’t believe her either , ” Kaitlyn confirmed .


“ I did n’t believe her until I found evidence that proved what she said . ”
His voice was heavy with regret .
“ He tried to cover his ass by suggesting Ebony cheated on me . ”


Yasmine looked away and shook her head .
“ I know he ’s lying , ” her voice waivered .
“ I remember the night she came home different .
I thought she was upset because you left … ”
Tear - stained eyes zeroed in on me .
“ Why did n’t you tell me ? ”


The ache in her eyes broke my heart .
Why did I let things get this bad ?
She would not have to deal with this pain and betrayal if it was n’t for me .
I was n’t the only one affected by Javan ’s actions .
I may have taken the physical brunt , but it was impossible to protect Yasmine from emotional rape .


The realization of my decision shook me to the core .
If it was n’t for Brian ’s physical support , I would have dropped to my knees .


“ Ebony did n’t tell anyone .
She did n’t want you to get hurt , ” Kaitlyn said .


The room remained silent until Yasmine ’s outburst .


“ Why ? ”
She directed her rage at Javan .
“ Was n’t I enough for you ?
I thought you were happy with me !
You said … you said … ”
Yasmine stopped speaking , her voice gone to tears .


Javan did n’t say a word , only stared past her and everyone else in the room .


“ He ’s a manipulative son of a bitch , that ’s why .
He played the same crap on women he dated in college .
He played all of us .
I should have known . ”
Brian shook his head in disappointment .
“ That ’s why he ’s such a great head doctor . ”


I ’d forgotten Javan was a psychologist .
He knew exactly how to convince me to stay silent and make Brian believe him .
And how to keep Yasmine preoccupied .


We were still speculating this fact when the police arrived .
They took my statement before arresting Javan .


The police cuffed Brian for assault , then told me I would be able to bail him out of jail the next day .
I dreaded having to call his parents to get help raising bail money .


Brian stared at me .
“ I ’ m sorry I did n’t believe you before .
I promise I ’ll never doubt you again . ”


“ It ’s okay .
I should have told you .
I ’ll never keep a secret from you again . ”


When Javan and Brian disappeared around the corner , I faced my friends .


“ Guys , I do n’t know how to say I ’ m sorry …
Yasmine … ”


Yasmine stared at me for a moment , her arms still tightly wrapped around her body as if trying to hold herself together .
The pain on her face was too much to bear .


After a moment , she turned , gathered her clothes from the floor , and walked to the bathroom .
The door shut silently behind her .


Kaitlyn stepped over and reached to dry the tears falling down my face .
“ Just give her some time . ”


I nodded and stared at the closed door .


Despite the fact my relationship with Brian was still intact , my best friend had found nothing but more heartache .


Because of me .


Would she ever be able to forgive me for keeping the truth from her ?


Nothing Javan told her had been real .
I ’d known Yasmine long enough to know the lock Javan had loosened would only be tighter now .
The next man who found his way into her life , the one meant to be with her , would have to work hard to win her jaded heart .


Kaitlyn and I turned and watched as the bathroom door opened and Yasmine emerged .
Her light - skinned complexion had paled .
The edges of her long hair were wet , along with her face as if she ’d doused herself with water .
Her gray eyes were heavy , rimmed in red .
Her attention strayed to the bed and wall before her eyes closed .


“ Yasmine … ”
I paused , unsure of what to say .


She held up a hand .
After a moment , her eyes opened and locked on me .


“ Ebony , there is nothing you can say to explain why he did what he did .
I should have known something was wrong . ”
She sighed .
“ I think I did know , but I was too wrapped up in my relationship to be the friend you needed .
You should have come to me , Ebony .
I may not have liked what you said , but I would have believed you . ”


I nodded as a fresh wave of tears fell .
“ You ’re right , I should have said something .
All of this , ” I waived my hands around the room absently , “ is my fault .
I ’ll find a way to pay for this . ”


Yasmine shook her head , a small hint of a smile emerged as she wiped a tear .
“ The hotel has insurance .
Just promise me one thing ? ”


“ What ? ”


“ Never lie to me , ” she pointed at Kaitlyn , “ us , ever again .
If there ’s a problem , you tell us .
That ’s what friends are for . ”


“ Never , ” I said , my voice sure .
Never would I allow something like this to tear apart my friendship with the ones I loved .
It was n’t worth the cost .


“ Come on , guys , let ’s go home , ” Kaitlyn said .


Yasmine and I stood staring at each other for a moment longer before she opened her arms .
I willingly accepted the gesture .


She hugged me tightly .
“ You ’re still my girl . ”


“ So are you , ” I said , hugging her back .


“ Oh great , leave out the white girl . ”
Kaitlyn threw up her hands in mock exasperation .


“ Get over here , ” Yasmine and I said in unison .


A group hug brought us together .


I peered over their shoulders at the room that had once been filled with love and roses , but now boasted devastation .


And yet , another love remained .


The man who loved me had stood up for me here .


The love of my friends withstood what I felt would end our relationship .


I would never test the extent of the relationships of the ones I loved again .
Love and trust were what would protect the ones I held dear .
And honesty .
Honesty was just as important .


Secrets should be avoided at all cost .


I gathered my friends and held them close to my heart .


Arm in arm , we went home .


* Chapter 39 Chapter 39 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 39


_ * * Ebony * * _


* * _December – One month later_ * *


“ What time did your parents say their flight would land ? ”
Brian asked as we drove to our destination .


“ They ’ll be here at seven . ”
I still could n’t believe my parents were flying to California .
Over the years , I ’d gone back home to visit my entire family .
My parents , on the other hand , had n’t been out here since the day they dropped me off at college , seven and a half years ago .
“ I ca n’t wait for you guys to meet in person .
A picture and talking over the phone does n’t do you justice . ”


Brian laughed .
“ Yeah , your mother says she owes me a big hug and your father promised a hearty hand shake .
I plan to make sure they live up to their words . ”


After everything went down , I not only told my parents about our relationship , I told them about my rape .
Hearing how Brian fought Javan in retaliation had won them over , especially my father .
Now , a month later , they were flying in to spend Christmas in California , breaking my mother ’s long - standing tradition of having the entire family home for the holidays .


“ I still ca n’t get over the fact they agreed to stay at my parents ’ house , ” he said .
“ My mother is working my father like a drill sergeant to get things ready for them .
You ’d think the president was coming . ”


I laughed .
When it came to entertaining guest , Mrs . Young had no problem making Mr . Young get things done .
She did bark orders like a drill sergeant .


“ It ’s not every day you meet your future in - laws , ” I reminded him .


I appraised the 14 - karat white - gold band that boasted three princess - cut diamonds .
The two smaller stones represented our lives before we met .
The center half - karat stone represented the life we were building together .
Brian found symbolic meaning in everything significant in our life .
In fact , he found another charm for my bracelet .
I already owned one heart , but this one was different .


This heart was broken in half and meticulously put back together : a healed heart .


He told me it symbolized what we had gone through .
It served as a reminder that with love , constant communication , and work , our relationship could stand whatever threatened to tear us apart .


No matter how many more charms he gave me , this would forever be my favorite .


“ Have you finished packing ?
Peter and Dylan are free on Saturday .
Between the four of us , we should have you moved in within a few hours . ”


“ Do n’t forget Yasmine and Kaitlyn .
They ’ll be helping , too . ”


“ How ’s Yasmine holding up ?
We have n’t talked much since that night . ”
Brian ’s eyebrows furrowed in genuine concern .
He was aware of the emotional trauma Javan had heaped on her .


“ She puts on a brave face , but she ’s hurting more than she lets on .
Her reasoning is at least it was a short engagement .
In her mind , four hours did n’t count . ”
I laughed lightly .
“ Now as far as me moving out , she ’s counting down .
My old room is across the hall from hers .
She ’s turning it into her home office . ”


“ Home office ? ”


“ For her business , _Dreams_ .
She ’s been playing around with the idea for a while now .
Since she has free time , she ’s decided to keep busy by focusing on getting it up and running .
Her parents do n’t know about it though .
Oh and get this , Kaity is planning to be her assistant . ”


Brian ’s eyebrows shot up .
“ Wow .
You sure you ’re not going to feel left out of the loop , you know , not being with your girls ? ”


I studied the handsome profile of the man I loved with all of my mind , body , heart , and soul .
His blue eyes still made my heart race whenever he looked at me .


“ Let me think about it . ”
I feigned serious thought while ticking off fingers .
“ We ’re engaged .
I ’ m five months away from graduating with a D.V.M. behind my name .
If all continues to go well , I ’ m a shoo - in for the job I ’ve worked eight years to get .
Nala , my dear sweet orangutan , is slowly regaining her health .
Um … let me see if I ’ve missed anything . ”
I tapped my finger sarcastically on my chin .
“ Oh , yeah , my gorgeous fiancé has a job making mad money at a major recording studio .
And to top it all off , we ’ve just rented a house and are moving in together in less than a week .
What is there to miss ? ”


Brian laughed heartily .
“ Okay , okay .
You ’re happy with me .
Thanks , my ego needed that . ”


“ Oh , do n’t get it twisted , lover .
There ’ll still be girls ’ night out . ”


“ And I ’ll be waiting , keeping our bed warm until you return . ”


_Our bed_ .
I loved the way that sounded .
“ You ’d better . ”
I leaned over to kiss him once we parked .


We emerged from the car .
I stood by the door and waited for Brian to walk around and take hold of my hand and intertwine our fingers .
We both stared at the brick building .


So many things had changed in the past month , yet our relationship had only gotten stronger .


The moment he was released from jail , Brian had moved out of the house he and Javan had shared .
He had a great attorney who got him out on bail the next morning .
Because it was a first offense and he had no record , he received probation , community service , and couples ’ counseling for rape victims , which we attended together .


Javan , on the other hand , had a different outcome .
Because I had not reported the rape after it happened , there was no evidence .
I ’d thrown my torn clothes away and showered the moment I got home .
With no rape kit , or visible physical damage , the District Attorney could n’t build a strong enough case to prosecute .
It became a matter of my word against his .
In the end , Javan got out on bail and the charges were dismissed .
He lost his job as a psychologist , which was a good thing , and moved back to Georgia , his hometown .
I could only imagine how many women he ’d taken advantage of over the years .


My journey to healing began the moment I started seeing a rape counselor .
My doctor had been right .
Being able to confide in my counselor , cry , and express my anger allowed me to understand the events of that night were a matter of uncontrollable circumstances and not because of the bad decisions I ’d made .


It was n’t my fault .
It was n’t my fault .


No matter how many times I repeated the mantra ; there were times when I did n’t see it that way .
Regardless , it was true .
My determination to remain financially independent of the man who loved me did n’t cause the rape .
Javan ’s malicious intentions did .


“ Are you ready ? ”
Brian asked .


I squeezed his hand .
“ Yes . ”


Our weekly sessions with the counselor were exactly what we ’d needed .
If it was n’t for these meetings , I never would have known the depth of guilt Brian felt about what happened .
He was slowly beginning to forgive himself for not seeing the signs suggesting Javan would become a threat .


One month down .
We would continue to take these classes for as long as it took .


I peered up at Brian .
The love I felt reflected back at me in his ocean - blue eyes .
He raised our linked fingers to his lips , kissing the back of my hand .


Together we walked in , ready to take another step in building our future .


* Epilogue Epilogue { { { 1 # # #


# # Epilogue


* * _Yasmine_ * *


“ Yasmine , come on ! ”
Kaitlyn sounded as excited as I thought I was to go out .
Now …
I was n’t so sure I wanted to leave the house .


Tonight was supposed to be our final girls ’ night out before Ebony moved in with Brian .


“ And if you do n’t get down here , ” Ebony chimed in , “ we ’re coming up there ! ”


“ I ’ll be ready in five minutes ! ”
I called , then dropped onto my bed , lowering my head into my hands .
A wave of nausea swept over me .
No matter how hard I tried , flashes of Brian beating Javan ’s ass flooded my brain .
I had to come to grips with the fact that Javan , the man who had just proposed to me … had raped my best friend .


Now Ebony was downstairs waiting for me to join her and Kaitlyn and , somehow , pretend bile did n’t flood my mouth when all I could see was Javan hurting her .


I had to bury all the anger and betrayal .
Not just from Javan , but all the men who ’d wronged me over the years .


I massaged my temples and let out a deep breath .


A few weeks ago , I was engaged to a man whom I thought would make me happy .
I was on the same path as my friends with the promise of a life - long loving relationship .


And then it was gone .


I still could n’t believe it .


Not only had he raped Ebony , but he continued to sleep with me , claiming he loved me .


I ground my nails into my palms to keep a scream from escaping and squeezed my eyes shut .


Ebony had put up the best front I ’d ever seen .


Why the hell had n’t she told me ?
That was part of the reason I felt so … helpless … guilty .


_She ’s my best friend ! _
I should have known !
I could have helped her !


To hell with Javan !
If I had known what kind of evil man he was , I never would have given my heart to him !


I wrapped my arms around my waist and leaned forward , hoping the change in position would force the bile back in place .
I rocked to keep the tears at bay .


Time and time again , it seemed every relationship I had ended with a broken heart .
And like an idiot , I allowed myself to fall again .


It was time I was honest with myself .
I was in love with the _idea_ of being loved .


Growing up bi - racial made it difficult , at times , to fit in .
I ’d learned to use my looks and body to get by .
As a result , I ’d fallen in love with the wrong man — again .


My lousy decision had almost ruined Ebony ’s life .
If I had n’t been so wrapped up in sleeping with Javan , I would have payed attention to my female intuition .


Why was it just now that I realized there were times Ebony had conveniently retreated to her room whenever Javan came over .


I ’d caught him checking her out a time or two .
He was a man after all , and Ebony was a beautiful woman .
I was n’t surprised when he ’d suggested seeing if she ’d be interested in a threesome .
Javan was open to trying different things when it came to our sex life .
I laughed it off because , at the time , we were in a friends - with - benefits arrangement .


I wanted to please my man , but not if it involved one of my friends .


I stood and walked to the dresser , staring at my reflection .
I was slender with enough curves in the right places to make a statement .
My light - skinned completion always made men look my way .


_Then why had n’t I been enough ? _


I scowled at the mirror , realizing the truth of it .
My looks also made men and women draw automatic conclusions about my intellect and personality .
Just because I was confident and ambitious did n’t mean I did n’t care .
I cared too much , dammit !
Too much to let another man hurt me or my friends ever again .


It was time to find a new path in my life that had nothing to do with men — or sex .
I did n’t need a man in my life to be happy .
_I_ would be enough for me .


Instead of dating , I would focus all my time and energy on getting my business off the ground .
I ’d been working my business plan to make my company , DREAMS , a reality .
I ’d tested the idea for months while working for my family ’s Bed and Breakfast Inn .
My goal to become a personal shopper for private clients had earned positive feedback from our guests .


Our small hotel chain was based just outside of Los Angeles .
Many of our guests stayed with us and shopped in the city .
DREAMS allowed me the chance to take them on as clients and serve as their Personal Shopper for the day .
My ability to select a style that fit my client ’s personalities and tastes was right up my ally .
I ’d been doing it for years for family and close friends .


And right now … I needed the distraction .


Staring at my reflection , I noticed the corner of my bed .
I turned and stared at the crumpled sheets .
I had n’t been able to sleep in it for days .
No matter how many times I stripped the sheets off and threw them in the washing machine , they always seemed to reek of _his_ cologne .


How many times had he made love to me in my bed after he ’d raped Ebony , whose room was across the hall ?


That cocky , arrogant son of a bitch !


Enraged , I ripped off the spread and stripped the sheets from the mattress .
I wanted to scream !
I wanted to pound something to smithereens !
I wanted to get my hands on him and beat his ass myself !


But I could n’t .


The last time I saw Javan , he was led out of our hotel room by cops .
The room we ’d been making love in when Brian found us had been wrecked .


My bottom lip trembled .
Tears welled in the corners of my eyes , threatening to ruin my makeup .
I forced them back , gathered up the sheets , and stuffed them in the back of my closet .
They were going in a huge garbage bag the first chance I got .
If I dragged them downstairs now , Ebony and Kaitlyn would ask questions , which would lead to a conversation none of us wanted to revisit .
Not now anyway .


Tonight was about celebrations .
It was about my friend finding happiness in the midst of everything she ’d been through .


Ebony had kept her secret for months and survived .
She ’d found love and a job she ’d dreamed of .


If she could do it , then I would , too .
At least the part that involved my career .
“ Not a man .
I do n’t need a man , ” I said aloud , making sure my head and heart got the message .


I closed the closet door , walked back to my dresser , and stared in the mirror with resolve .
“ I ’ m done with all the distractions .
It ’s time I invest in me ! ”


Thank you for reading _A Heart Not Easily Broken_ .
If you enjoyed it , please visit [ BookBub . com ] ( https : / / www . bookbub . com / books / a - heart - not - easily - broken - by - m - j - kane ) , [ Goodreads . com ] ( https : / / www . goodreads . com / book / show / 52734767 - a - heart - not - easily - broken ) , or wherever you buy your books to post a review and find follow - up books in the collection .


If you would like to stay up - to - date with M.J. Kane ’s new releases and specials , the best way is to follow her [ Newsletter ] ( http : / / eepurl . com / 9vADv ) or [ BookBub . ] ( https : / / www . bookbub . com / authors / m - j - kane ? follow = true )


Find all her books , along with a free story , here : [ www . WrittenMusings . com / MJKane ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / mjkane . html )


* About the Author About the Author { { { 1 # # #


# # About the Author


M.J. Kane stumbled into writing .
An avid reader , she never lost the overactive imagination that comes from being an only child .
As an adult , she made up stories — though never shared them — to keep herself entertained .
It was n’t until surviving a traumatic medical incident in 2006 that she found a reason to set free the characters inhabiting her imagination .
Upon her husband ’s suggestion , she commandeered his laptop and allowed the characters to take life .
It was either that , or look over her shoulder for men carrying a purple straitjacket .
And the rest , as they say , is history .


No longer a television addict , if M.J. is n’t reading a book by one of her favorite authors , she ’s battling with her creative muse to balance writing , working as a librarian , and being a wife and mother .
She resides in the suburbs of Atlanta , Georgia with her high - school sweetheart , four wonderful children , and three pit bulls .
You can find MJ on social - media sites sharing writing tips , talking about music , life , and family .
She ’s always excited to meet new friends .


[ Instagram ] ( https : / / www . instagram . com / mjkanemedia ) – [ Twitter ] ( https : / / twitter . com / MJKaneBooks ) – [ Facebook ] ( https : / / www . facebook . com / MJButterflyBooks )


Get a free story and be the first to know about New Releases and Specials by signing up for M.J. ’ s [ Newsletter ] ( https : / / mjkanemedia . us7 . list - manage . com / subscribe ? u = 0b05e7249e45552065e17f954&id = 644924c2d6 ) .
You can also follow her on [ BookBub ] ( https : / / www . bookbub . com / authors / m - j - kane ? follow = true ) !


[ Find all M.J. Kane ’s Books Here ! ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / mjkane . html )


_A Heart Not Easily Broken_


_Jaded_


_Lonely Heart_


_Nobody ’s Business_


_Alone_


_Shattered_


Short Stories


_The Photoshoot_


_Crossroads_


_Family for the Holidays ( Ebony & Brian Mini Memoir ) _


* Acknowledgments Acknowledgments { { { 1 # # #


# # Acknowledgments


I ’d like to thank my family who has been so supportive of my writing career .
To my amazing husband , K.C. ,
I would never have picked up a laptop ( well , your laptop ! ) and started writing , much less learned the business side of things ( a work that is still in progress ) .
Words can never express how much I appreciate your time and patience , even when it seems I do n’t .
I promise , one day it will stick !
To S.C. , my manager , number - one beta reader , best friend , listener , and sounding board for my crazy ideas , if it was n’t for your opinions and suggestions , I never would have taken the time to delve deeper into my characters and find their real stories .
Knowing that if you liked it , someone else would too , has been my motivation !
To my wonderful kids , K.C. , J.C. , X.C. , and E.C. , although you ’ve driven me crazy along the way , you ’ve been an inspiration and support in your own ways .
Thanks for your hugs and kisses and undying support , and above all , thanks for letting Mommy find herself again !


A heartfelt thank you goes to the many authors I ’ve met along the way .
Sandra C . , an amazing playwright , who became my first writing mentor .
Thanks for taking me under your wing and sharing your knowledge .
To the talented women of the Critter Yard : Chicki Brown , Erin Kern , and Zee Monodee , you have paved the way and helped me find my true writing voice .
Remember what the first draft of this story looked like ?
LOL !
It took four years to get it right .


Thank you to Sherry Turner , an amazing librarian who is always there to show support to the talented people of Clayton County .
She never hesitates to go above and beyond to make the programs offered stay alive .
Without you , the opportunities to showcase our talents , ( authors , poets , artist , and musicians ) would not exist .
Thanks for the advice you ’ve offered me along the way .


To my beta reader , A . S . , my longtime friend and classmate , thank you for reaching across cyberspace to read my work when it was still in its raw stages .
I ’ m sure you ’ll love the edited version .
Special thanks to fellow author Carmen DeSousa for reaching out to hold my hand through the process of becoming a published author .


And deepest thanks to each and every one of you who have followed my writing journey online and have bought a copy of this book .
Enjoy !


Oh yeah , ca n’t forget about my two most loyal followers : my dogs , Vader and Ivy , who were always there to lick my feet , trip me up when I tried to get up from my desk , and begged for special attention .
Now we can go outside and play .
Well , until the next deadline draws near .


MJ







* Cover Cover { { { 1 ! [ Finding Home ] ( assets / finding_home - jackie_weger . jpg )


* Title Page Title Page { { { 1 # Finding Home


# #


# # # Jackie Weger


# # #


# # # #


# # # # #


* Copyright Copyright { { { 1 Finding Home


Copyright © 2019 by Jackie Weger


ISBN : 9781945143649


[ www . WrittenMusings . com / JackieWeger ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / jackieweger . html )


[ www . WrittenMusings . com ] ( http : / / www . writtenmusings . com )


U.S.A .


This is a fictional work .
All characters and events in this publication , other than those clearly in the public domain , are solely the concepts and products of the author ’s imagination or are used to create a fictitious story and should not be construed as real .
Any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .


All rights reserved .
No part of this book may be used or reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form by any means , without the prior permission in writing , except in the case of brief quotations , reviews , and articles .


For any other permission , please visit [ www . WrittenMusings . com ] ( http : / / www . writtenmusings . com ) for contact links .


* Table Of Contents Table Of Contents { { { 1 # Contents


* [ Books by Jackie Weger ] ( front - matter - 001 - finding - home . html ) * [ Finding Home ] ( front - matter - 002 - finding - home - 2 . html ) * [ Chapter 1 ] ( chapter - 001 - chapter - 1 . html ) * [ Chapter 2 ] ( chapter - 002 - chapter - 2 . html ) * [ Chapter 3 ] ( chapter - 003 - chapter - 3 . html ) * [ Chapter 4 ] ( chapter - 004 - chapter - 4 . html ) * [ Chapter 5 ] ( chapter - 005 - chapter - 5 . html ) * [ Chapter 6 ] ( chapter - 006 - chapter - 6 . html ) * [ Chapter 7 ] ( chapter - 007 - chapter - 7 . html ) * [ Chapter 8 ] ( chapter - 008 - chapter - 8 . html ) * [ Chapter 9 ] ( chapter - 009 - chapter - 9 . html ) * [ Chapter 10 ] ( chapter - 010 - chapter - 10 . html ) * [ Chapter 11 ] ( chapter - 011 - chapter - 11 . html ) * [ Chapter 12 ] ( chapter - 012 - chapter - 12 . html ) * [ Before you go … ] ( back - matter - 001 - before - you - go . html ) * [ About the Author ] ( back - matter - 002 - about - the - author . html )


* Books by Jackie Weger Books by Jackie Weger { { { 1 # # # 1


# Books by Jackie Weger


_No Perfect Secret_


_No Perfect Fate_


_No Perfect Destiny_


_Finding Home_


_The House on Persimmon Road_


_The Sheriff ’s Woman_


_Count the Roses_


_All Tomorrow ’s Memories_


_The Reluctant Hero_


* Finding Home Finding Home { { { 1 # # # 2


# Finding Home


* Chapter 1 Chapter 1 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 1


Phoebe ’s pace hastened as she approached her truck parked in the lee of the building near the big trash compactor .
She ’d had to find a spot away from prying eyes because she could n’t trust Maydean and Willie - Boy to behave without her standing over them .
Like now , she noted , discovering Willie - Boy hanging out the window .


“ Did you get work ? ” he asked .


“ Not yet , ” Phoebe said , brushing off the fact that the interviewer had insulted her down to muscle and bone .
“ I did n’t want that old job nohow .
Dern it , Maydean .
I told you not to mess with that mirror , did n’t I ? ”


Twelve - year - old Maydean flounced .
It took her whole body to do it .
“ How much money we got left , Phoebe ?
I ’ m hungry . ”


Phoebe did n’t want to think about money .
Or buying food .
Or where they were going to sleep that night .
She reached up , adjusting the mirror .
“ We ’ll eat when I get hungry . ”


“ You never get hungry !
And you ’re never gonna get no job , either .
You ’re too skinny .
I told you !
If you want to work in the city you got to have a figure .
I told you !
Stuff toilet paper in your bra .
There ai n’t nobody going to hire a flat - chested string bean like you .
Not to work in an office , they ai n’t .
And you oughta dye your hair .
Folks take one look at that fire - engine red and they know right off you got a temper .
Know right off you ’re skinny and mean .
You ai n’t never going to find us a place , Phoebe .
I know you ai n’t .
Ma should never have trusted you to do it .
We ’ll probably never see Ma and Pa and Erlene the rest of our lives . ”


For an instant Phoebe closed her eyes against the bright glare of the sun .
Pride and anger warred within her .
In her heart she wanted to be as good and kind thinking as the all - forgiving Lord meant her to be , but right this minute she felt awfully like grabbing a handful of Maydean ’s hair .
“ I wish I had your cold heart , Maydean .
Then I would n’t be worryin ’ about what to do , where our next meal is comin ’ from or where we ’re gonna sleep tonight .
Anyhow , it ai n’t in the chest .
It ’s in the backbone .
Hair color do n’t make no never mind .
Now hush up .
You ’re makin ’ me mad .
Hike up and look out over that trash bin .
I got to back out . ”
Phoebe focused on her sister with an expression so fierce Maydean grudged a skittering glance over her shoulder .


“ Nothin ’s comin ’ . ”


But there was , and Phoebe backed right into it .
A pickup , newer than her own , but not much newer .
Still , she felt her mouth going uncommonly dry .


“ We ’re goin ’ to jail now , ai n’t we ? ” cried Willie - Boy .
He scrambled to his knees to look out the cracked back window .
“ Lor , Phoebe , ” he whispered .
“ There ’s a giant gettin ’ outta that truck . ”


Phoebe watched the man emerge .
Labeling him giant was n’t far wrong .
Tall and broad - shouldered , he had a waist tapering into well - cut jeans filled out so she could tell he had never missed a meal .
She left off watching him disentangle his legs to focus on his face .
He was putting on a frown .


His eyes were dark , deep - set , and thick - lashed .
Sparking eyes , Phoebe thought .
Most likely he used them to advantage on women .
The idea made her feel an odd fluttering in her stomach .
Had she been able to snag a man like him back home , why her whole family would still be together .


The rest of the man ’s face was filled out with a good straight nose and kissing lips .
All over his head was curly black hair , tidily cut .
Went to the barbershop every month most likely .
Curls like that could n’t be kept aright if left to grow wild .
She ought to know .
It ’d been months since she ’d had her own curls parlor cut , and now they slipped band and pin and pomade with fierce regularity .


The man was looking at her .
Phoebe saw the kissing lips turning down at the corners and the good straight nose beginning to narrow like he was smelling dead fish .
Edgewise she caught a glimpse of Maydean patting her hair and puckering her lips , one hand on the door handle .
Phoebe grabbed her .


“ Stay put , ” she ordered .
“ You too , Willie - Boy .
I ’ll see how much damage he done . ”
Adjusting her cotton skirt and brushing trailing wisps of red hair back from her face , Phoebe stepped out of the truck .
“ How ‘ do , ” she said , polite like .
She tracked all of him in a close - up glance before she gave her attention to their locked bumpers .
“ Looks like you hit me a fair blow , do n’t it ? ”


His gaze darted over her , taking in the narrow , heart - shaped face , the shoulders , true and squared , slender legs below the flowered skirt , the once - white sneakers , laces knotted twice over where they ’d broken .
His eyes lifted back to her face where wisps of red hair — hundreds of them — were all astray .
Phoebe watched the frown spread out all over his face .
He had n’t answered her and she was not equipped to meet silence .
She spoke again .


“ I said — ”


“ I know what you said .
It ’s the other way round .
You ought to look where you ’re going . ’ ’


Phoebe tried not to pay attention to his voice .
It was deep , good sounding and smooth .
“ I was looking , ” she said resolutely .
“ I did n’t see you . ”


“ I came out of that parking space . ”
He waved his hand in an easterly direction .
It was a big hand , finely shaped and calloused .
The callouses impressed Phoebe .
A woman could n’t go much wrong latching onto a man with callouses .
It took steady work to thicken skin like that .


Phoebe decided to be friendly , generous of spirit .
She was proud of her teeth .
They were white and even with no gaps .
She gave him her best smile .
“ I ca n’t tell which dent I did you or you did me .
We can call it even , I reckon . ”


“ Even ? ”
He eyed her with suspicion .
“ Are you telling me you do n’t have any insurance or money to make good on the damage you did to my truck ? ”


All sorts of dreadful apprehensions began to rise in Phoebe .
Still , she was reluctant to give up being friendly .
“ I ’ m not sayin ’ any such thing .
I do n’t discuss personal things like that with strangers . ”


He muttered something beneath his breath .
“ I did n’t catch that , ” Phoebe said , hanging on to her smile .


“ You probably do n’t have a driver ’s license either .
You old enough to drive ? ”


Offended , Phoebe bristled .
Her smile faded .
“ Way old enough . ”


“ How old ? ”


“ Twenty - six . ”


Disbelief made his eyes go cloudy .
“ I ’ m going to call the cops . ”


“ Twenty - five .
Almost .
I swear .
That ’s what it says on my license . ”
The truth was that she was twenty - four , looking to be twenty - five and an old maid .
She wanted to skip being twenty - five .
She decided against any further friendliness .
“ ‘ Scuse me a minute . ”
She sidled up to the cab where Willie - Boy and Maydean were arguing for gawking space .
“ Count to ten , Maydean , then you two start wailing . ”


Wearing her most serious expression she rejoined the man .
He was scowling at the locked bumpers .
“ If you stood on yours , ” she suggested , “ big as you are , I could drive my truck right off it . ”


“ One of us is bound to lose a bumper . ”


The caterwauling began .
He looked up startled .
“ What in hell — ”


“ When you banged into us , they hit their heads on the windshield .
Like I said , you hit us a fair blow . ”


His whole body went rigid as a block of granite .
“ I did n’t run into you , lady .
You backed into me . ”


“ My sister and little brother said you banged into us .
They were watchin ’ . ”


“ And that ’s what you ’d tell the cops , ” he replied , sarcasm flowing .


“ Well , not me , mister .
I did n’t see you and that ’s a fact .
But Maydean did , certain . ”
Phoebe aimed an anxious look toward the noise .
“ We better figure somethin ’ out quick .
I might have to take those kids to the hospital . ”


He growled an epithet .
Ladylike , Phoebe pretended not to hear .
Her eyes stayed glued to his face .
He was making a decision , she could see it in his expression .


“ A fender bender ’s not worth the trouble , ” he said .
“ I ’ll stand on the bumper , you see if you can pull your heap off . ”


Moving quicker than a sprite , Phoebe got back in her truck .
“ Y ’ all can quit your snivelin ’ now . ”


“ I ca n’t , ” whimpered Willie - Boy .
“ Maydean pinched me . ”


Phoebe hung her head out the window .
“ Hey , mister , you set ? ”


“ I ’ m set . ”
He gave a tentative bounce on the bumpers .
“ You go slow .
Easy and slow .
I do n’t want to end up with a broken leg . ”


Phoebe put the truck in forward gear while he rocked the bumpers .
The vehicles parted with a screech .
Her flesh crawled .
It sounded worse than chalk gone awry on a blackboard .
She got out and went to the rear of her truck again .


“ Afraid your bumper came clean off , ” said the man .


“ That ’s okay , ” said Phoebe .
“ I can weld it back once I get the chance .
Just toss it in the back yonder , will ya ?
On top of our suitcases and such . ”


Effortlessly , he picked up the torn and bent metal .
Phoebe noticed his face did n’t even go red with the strain .
When he had the bumper chest level , his dark eyes held hers a heartbeat .
Then he tossed the bumper into the bed of his own truck .


“ Hey !
Hey , mister , you ca n’t do that .
That ’s my bumper . ”


“ Sure it is .
And when you get the money to pay for the damage you did mine , you can have it back . ”


Phoebe ’s wide eyes narrowed to slits .
“ That ’s a mean trick , mister .
I ’ve got to have that bumper .
It ’s got my tag on it .
I ca n’t go drivin ’ around Alabama with no tag .
Troopers would stop me , sure . ”


He brushed his calloused hands together .
“ I ’ll take good care of it for you .
You just come out to G . G . Morgan ’s junkyard when you get the money .
It ’s on the other side of the bayou .
Ask anybody to point the way . ”


Phoebe ’s heart sank .
“ C’ mon , mister , ca n’t we talk this over ? ”


“ I ’ m done with talking , I ’ m late for an appointment . ”
He stepped into his cab , slamming the door then leaned out over his elbow .
“ You ’re real slick , little lady , but you ’ll have to do better than that to out slick G . G . Morgan . ”


“ I got seven dollars , ” Phoebe called with a failing heart .
“ You can have it . ”


1 .
G .
Morgan lifted an eyebrow and laughed .
“ Come up with seventy and we ’ll do business . ”


Riding fury , hands balled into fists and propped on her hips , Phoebe watched G . G . Morgan maneuver out of the parking lot into light midmorning traffic .
Watched her bumper and tag disappear .
Her shoulders sagged , and for once her brain could n’t grab hold of any ideas .
She felt tired .
The worrying and the driving and the hope she ’d been harboring — all of it hit her at once .


“ You look fretted , ” Willie - Boy said when she slid onto the seat beside him .


“ I got things to fret about , do n’t I ? ”


“ We ai n’t goin ’ to sleep in the back of the truck again tonight , are we ? ” asked Maydean , puckering her lips into a peevish moue , which she thought most attractive .
“ I ’ m gettin ’ tired of that .
I still got wrinkles in my skin from last night . ”


“ You got wrinkles in your brain , Maydean .
Be quiet and let me think . ”


“ How ’re we gonna get our bumper back ? ”
Willie - Boy wanted to know .


“ I ’ m studyin ’ on it , ” Phoebe said , forcing up the determination not to let things get her down .
That was Pa ’s problem .
He let things carry him into a sulk so as nothing got done .
Phoebe fought the feeling , afraid it was a family failing .
She was n’t sure , but she thought that was what had happened to Erlene .
Erlene had been fine until she went into a sulk with a fever .
When the fever went , Erlene ’s grown - up mind had gone with it .


“ What we ’ll do … ” she said , shaking loose old thoughts , “ is , we ’ll just go out to G . G . Morgan ’s junkyard and get the bumper when he ai n’t lookin ’ . ”


Willie - Boy ’s eyes grew wide .
“ Ai n’t that stealin ’ ?
Ma said — ”


“ Stealin ’ is when you take something that do n’t belong to you .
That bumper is ours . ”


“ You shoulda let me handle it , ” said Maydean .
“ I have sultry eyes .
Everybody in Cottontown says so . G . G . Morgan woulda looked into my eyes and I coulda made him give us our bumper .
And , speaking of my eyes , Phoebe , first chance you get , buy me some mascara . ”


Phoebe bit down on her tongue to keep from screaming .
“ Maydean , when you bat your lashes all you look is cross - eyed .
Besides , G . G . Morgan did n’t strike me as the swoonin ’ type .
Now get out and watch traffic so I can back out .
That is , if you can see any thing besides pants with your sultry eyes . ”


Maydean sniffed .
“ You ’re just jealous cause my lashes are longer ’ n yours and I poke out more in front . ”


“ Stand behind the truck , Maydean .
Then I wo n’t have to worry ‘ bout feedin ’ you . ”


“ What pokes out ? ” asked Willie - Boy .


“ Never you mind , ” Phoebe chastised , grinding the gears and backing safely away from the trash compactor .
“ We ’ve got to find a telephone , ” she said when Maydean flounced back into the truck .
“ Y ’ all keep an eye out . ”


Willie - Boy jumped excitedly .
“ We gonna call somebody ?
We gonna call Ma ? ”


“ No .
I got to get an address on that junkyard . ”


“ Lor , ai n’t you smart , ” Willie - Boy said with flattering awe .
“ I ’ m goin ’ to be as smart as you when I grow up . ”


Phoebe drove a quarter mile and found herself outside the small town .
The road was narrow , lined on one side by ditches carved out of red clay and on the other by oak trees thick of trunk and gnarled landward by wind that swept in from the bay .
“ Goin ’ the wrong way , ” she said , whipping around in a U - turn .
It was n’t lost on Phoebe that lately her whole life was filled with U - turns , leading her from nowhere back to nowhere .
Well , she meant to change all that .
Somehow .


“ There ’s a cop followin ’ us , ” said Maydean .


Phoebe ’s gaze flew to the rearview mirror in time to see the red ball start flashing .
“ If it ai n’t one thing , it ’s ten , ” she moaned .
She pulled onto the verge and shut the motor off , waiting .


“ Howdy , ” said the trooper .


“ Mornin ’ , ” replied Phoebe .


“ Mind if I see your license ? ”


“ No , sir , do n’t mind at all . ”
She dug around in her change purse and handed it out the window .
“ Nice day , ai n’t it ? ”


“ Cottontown .
You ’re a long way from home , are n’t you , miss ?
Cottontown ’s north .
What brings you to Bayou La Batre ? ”
He ran the words together so that to Phoebe it sounded like Byabatrie .


“ We ’re visitin ’ , ” she said , keeping to a vague truth .


“ I see .
It appears you ’re missing a license plate , though . ”


“ It ’s on the bumper , ” Phoebe informed him .


“ Is that right ?
Appears you ’re missing a bumper , too . ”


“ Yessir .
It fell off .
This is an old truck .
Bolts rusted .
Darn thing just fell flat off . ”


The trooper thumbed her driver ’s license and stared into the truck .
Phoebe tried to figure out what he was thinking .
She knew they looked bedraggled and poor , which they were .
But they were clean ; she had seen to that at the rest stop earlier that morning .
No doubt the trooper guessed that even if he gave her a ticket , she would n’t have the money to pay it .


“ Who ’re you visiting in Bayou La Batre ? ” he asked .


“ What ? ”


“ You said you were visiting .
Who ?
Relatives ? ”


“ Oh . ”
Phoebe ’s thoughts flew .
“ Cousins .
We ’re vis itin ’ a cousin . ”


“ This cousin have a name ? ”


Name ?
Name !
Phoebe did n’t know a soul in — “ Morgan , G . G . Morgan . ”


The trooper ’s eyes narrowed .
“ Gage Morgan ? ”


Phoebe ’s heart did cartwheels .
“ That ’s him .
Unless — how many G . G . Morgans you got in Bayou La Batre ? ”


“ Only one I know of is Gage .
Never knew he had any cousins anywhere .
Leastwise he never mentioned it and we went through school together . ”


“ We ’re cousins three times removed , maybe more , ” said Phoebe .
“ But , ai n’t that something ! ” she gushed .
“ You and Gage bein ’ schoolmates all those years .
Why … that makes you and me almost family friends . ”
She pointed to her sister .
“ That there is Maydean and this is Willie - Boy , G . G . Morgan ’s least cousin .
Truth is , we just ai n’t had time to visit afore now . ”
Maydean ’s puckering lips fell open .
Willie - Boy ’s , too .
Phoebe crooked her elbow , jamming it under his chin to keep his mouth shut lest he contradict her .


“ Gage has our bumper and tag in the back of his truck .
He ’s waitin ’ on us , out to the junkyard so we can weld it back on . ”
It was something , Phoebe thought , how a body could take a tidbit of truth and bracket it with lies and make it sound so good .
Noting the trooper was swallowing it all , she gave her whole face up to a grand smile .


“ Why did n’t you say so in the first place ?
Tell you what .
I ’ll follow you over to Gage ’s , else going back through town you get stopped again , no tag and all . ”
He returned her driver ’s license .


Phoebe protested hardily .
“ Oh , we would n’t want to put you out none . ”
In her mind ’s eye she could see G . G . Morgan disputing all that she ’d told the trooper .
It was n’t a comforting thought .


“ It ’s no trouble .
The yard ’s barely a block out of my patrol area .
Besides , it ’s part of my job to help folks . ”


“ Then maybe it ’d be better if you led the way . ”


The trooper squinted , suspicion flaring .
“ Why ? ”


“ We just got into town this mornin ’ , ” Phoebe said .
“ We ai n’t been to the junkyard yet .
When the bumper fell off , Gage came and got it .
We were followin ’ him , but I got lost ‘ cause of Willie - Boy here , a - squirming something awful on account of a full bladder … ”
She trailed off and closed her mouth .
Casting her eyes down she held all the air in her lungs and pressed to make her face go red ; mention of body functions and such never did have the effect of making her blush .
She canted a furtive look at the officer .
Her demure look and her flaming face were having the desired effect .


“ Right , ” he said .
“ But , you stay close now . ”


Phoebe was torn between holding her breath and smiling at him .
Need of air won .
“ Yessir . ”
She pulled out behind the cruiser , sighing relief when the twirling red light went dark .


“ We ’re in trouble sure , ” announced Maydean .
“ All them lies you told , Phoebe .
That cop ’s gonna know soon ’s we get to the junkyard . ”


“ You go to hell if you tell lies , Ma said , ” piped Willie - Boy , gazing at Phoebe as if she would go up in flames any minute , or at least get hit by flying brimstone .


“ We did n’t get a ticket , did we ? ”
Phoebe said , justifying her actions .
“ We ’re bein ’ led right to where our bumper and tag is , ai n’t we ?
Besides , everybody ’s brothers in the eyes of the Lord .
Says so right in the Bible .
If you have brothers , stands to reason , do n’t it , you got aunts and uncles and cousins ? ”


Maydean giggled .
“ Maybe us and G . G . Morgan are kissin ’ cousins . ”


Phoebe threw her sister a sharp glance .
“ You keep talkin ’ that way , Maydean , I ’ll slap you .
And get your hair off the top of your head like that .
You look like a worn - out tart . ”


The twelve - year - old sniffed .
“ You oughta see what yours looks like .
Red hairs are crawling outta that knot atop your head so fast , they look like they ’re running from a cootie convention . ”


“ I had cooties once , did n’t I , Phoebe ?
Ma shaved my head and rubbed it down with kerosene .
Burned somethin ’ fierce , I recall . ”


“ Hush talkin ’ about lice , Willie - Boy .
Help me keep that cruiser in view . ”
Phoebe shot another glance at Maydean .
If she ’d had her druthers , she ’d ’ ve taken Erlene on this trip instead of Maydean , even if she did have to point Erlene in every direction she meant for her to go .
Maydean was ripening too fast .
Phoebe briefly thought about ways to hold back nature .
But thinking on Maydean was just using up energy better spent elsewhere at the moment .


“ We ’re goin ’ over the drawbridge again ! ” whooped Willie - Boy .


“ Look ’ it the sailors on those boats , ” cooed Maydean .
Suddenly she thrust half her body out the window , threw up her hands , and waved .


Phoebe grabbed Maydean ’s blouse and yanked her back .
“ Another stunt like that and I ’ll put you on a bus back to Ma ! ”


Maydean smirked .
“ You ai n’t got the money for no bus ticket . ”


“ I ’ll find the money , ” said Phoebe , her grinding tone so filled with resolution that Maydean appeared to believe her .


Driving past the building where she ’d been refused work , Phoebe kept her eyes straight ahead .
Another three blocks and the patrol car slowed , turning onto a sandy road that was little more than a well - used path , rutted and grooved by far heavier vehicles .
In some places the road went right up to the bayou ’s edge , in others it zigzagged around boatyards and barge fitters and commercial net shops .
Green and black nets sagged like larger - than - life spider webs from booms jutting thirty feet into the salty air .
Far back on the landward side were seafood houses where signs advertised that crabs were boiled and picked , shrimp was packed , oysters were shucked .


Phoebe eyed the seafood packagers with interest ; the possibility that she might find work in one of them filled her with hope .
Mayhap losing her bumper was n’t such a bad thing after all .
She never would ’ve thought to drive down such an unpromising - looking back road .


“ The cop ’s a turnin ’ in , ” Willie - Boy said excitedly .
“ Phoebe , ” he gasped .


“ Look ’ it !
Look ’ it all that good stuff .
I see a bicycle .
It ai n’t got no wheels , but you could put some on it .
Then I ’d have me a bike .
I all ’ us wanted a bike . ”


“ I ca n’t study a bike right now .
I ’ m lookin ’ for G . G . Morgan or his truck . ”
Phoebe set the brake , but did n’t shut off the motor .
She gazed at the acres and acres of wrecked cars , boat ribs , tires . and shapeless metal .
“ Piled up on good ground , ” she muttered .
“ Why a man could clean all that trash off and plant a fair good crop of cotton or corn , or peanuts , and make something of himself .
Why , even me and Ma could make a go , had we land — ” She caught herself prattling and clamped her lips closed .
She had no call to talk like that — or dream , either .
Not while she was square on property that belonged to a man as unlikely to share it as G . G . Morgan .
_Do first what first needs doin ’ _ , she told herself .
Get rid of the police .


Maydean opened her door .
Willie - Boy scrambled over her and leaped from the truck .
“ Get back here , ” Phoebe demanded .
“ Maydean , you let him out on purpose ! ”


“ He said he had to go to the bathroom . ”


“ My foot !
His nose is twitchin ’ to explore worse ’ n a blue tick hound .
Get after him .
In this heat , he ’s liable to come down with an attack of asthma , and I ai n’t got the time to fool with — ”


“ He do n’t like me pryin ’ when he ’s takin ’ a leak . ”


The officer ambled her way .
“ Looks like Gage has n’t got here yet , ” he said .


“ No doubt , he missed us behind him and doubled back .
Sure as anything he did .
He warned me to keep close .
We sure are bein ’ a peck of trouble .
But now Gage will be mad enough to throw us out on our ear , ” she said , in case he appeared suddenly and did just that .


The radio in the patrol car began to crackle .
The officer excused himself .
“ You ’ll be okay now you ’re here , ” he said upon his return .
“ I ’ve got to work an accident .
You tell Gage I said hello . ”


“ That ’ll be the first thing I tell him , ” agreed Phoebe .
If she ever saw him again , which she hoped she did n’t .
“ You be careful , you hear , ” she called to the trooper .
“ And thanks . ”
She forced herself to sit still until the cruiser was out of sight .
Then she had to spend a precious ten minutes locating her siblings .


Maydean had found herself an old car with a mirror intact .
Willie - Boy was sitting behind the wheel pretending he was a race - car driver .
They were frittering away time — carefree , without a thought in their heads as to how they were going to get decently sheltered and raised .
No , they left that suffering to her .
But the kids were n’t visible unless someone was to peer directly into the old car , so Phoebe decided they ’d be out of harm ’s way for the few minutes she needed to scout the junkyard .


She began looking for a place to park .
A shady place and one that was not directly in view of anyone driving through the old gate .
There was no sense alerting the junkyard ’s owner that they were anywhere close by .
At least not right off .
If she found that there was no hope of reclaiming her bumper without Gage Morgan ’s interference , surprise made negotiating easier .
And one way or another , Phoebe meant to be one whale of a surprise to G . G . Morgan .
Most probably he was n’t a man used to having folks camp on his doorstep until they got what they wanted .
With all that was at stake , Phoebe figured she could out camp and outsmart a truculent army of Huns .
Gage Morgan was about to learn just how stalwart a Hawley could be .


* * *


Phoebe aimed the truck toward the rear of the yard .
It looked to her as if G . G . Morgan lived smack - dab in the middle of his junk .
Only the area around the weathered house was clear of rubble .
Clear of saleable rubble that was , for the untended oasis was overgrown with chickweed , cat ’s ears , and beggar ’s ticks .
Shading the whole of it was a gnarled old tallow tree .


She eyed the house and unkempt yard behind the ragged wooden fence with strong disapproval .
It was a sin the way some folks let things go down like that .
Even the tallow tree looked dusty and beaten .
_Some folks_ , Phoebe thought , _are just downright unappreciative of what the good Lord bestowed on them_ .


Unbidden envy and resentment swelled within Phoebe .
Why , if she had a house like that … if she had a square yard for flowers and vegetables … if she had land … she could send for Ma and Pa and Erlene , get them out from under her brother Joey and his new wife , Vinnie .
What with only a four - room house , Vinnie did n’t like the crowded conditions .
She wore a permanent frown to prove it .
Atop all that , Vinnie was mean to Erlene .
It was n’t Erlene ’s fault that she was loose - minded .


The truck hit a deep rut .
Phoebe let go the wishful thinking and put her mind back on her present predicament .
She needed to hide the truck and find a vantage point from which to spy on G . G . Morgan .
The instant he left his truck untended , she meant to retrieve her bumper and be gone .


She found a number of sheds and lean - tos , one of which was tilting precariously beyond the bulwark that held back a twisting saltwater estuary .
Beyond the estuary , on the other side , was the bayou that fed into the great expanse of the bay .


Phoebe ’s gaze went to the bay and farther , to the horizon .
She had never seen the ocean .
She had lived all her life in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains where cotton and corn fields backed up to thick evergreen forests made dark and mysterious by creeping kudzu vines that could encroach on a garden or climb a sixty - foot pine — and do it overnight , some old - timers swore .
Not a speck of kudzu hereabouts , Phoebe noted .
That ’d make Ma happy .


She backed the truck between two of the sheds , wedging in as far as she dared .
Getting out of the driver ’s seat , she wiped the sweat beads from her nose and forehead with a quick duck of her head in the crook of her bent arm .
The wind blew , cooling her more .
She sniffed , inhaling the rich smell of warm earth and salt marsh .
The air was sweet and delicious .
Honeysuckle blooming somewhere or blackberries mayhap .
The idea of blackberries boiled up with sugar and dumplings made her mouth water .


As she retraced her path on foot , she noted a coop , disused , the gate hanging .
Lor !
But she could see hens nesting , eggs gathered .
Tomatoes and turnips sprouting where weeds grew .
That one man owned so much — and did so little with it — was beyond comprehension .
It was unholy .


“ What ’re you doing out there ? ” asked a young feminine voice .


Phoebe froze .
Her eyes darted , looking for the source of the voice .
There came a squeak of unoiled hinges .
She looked to the back of the house and saw a child standing just inside the screen door .
Phoebe approached the back porch .
She did n’t know why , but she never expected the junkyard owner to have relations .
More specifically she did n’t expect a wife or child .
A stab of disappointment caused the image of sparking eyes and calloused hands to flit through her mind .
She should ’ve suspected it , most hardworking men had already been spoken for .


“ I ’ m lookin ’ for G . G . Morgan , ” she said to the girl .


“ He ’s not here . ”


The child , Phoebe could tell as she got closer , was about nine .
She had an abundance of brown hair that needed brushing and a dirt - streaked , sunburned face that needed scrubbing .
Altogether , the girl looked as unkempt as the yard .
Phoebe could n’t tolerate a straight - minded woman letting yard and house and child lag so .
Even Erlene , as cloudy - minded as she was , could do better .


“ Is your ma here , then ? ”
Phoebe asked .


The eyes , thick - lashed as G . G . Morgan ’s , became apprehensive .
“ No .
She ’s gone . ”


“ Where to ? ”


“ Heaven . ”


“ Oh . ”
That explained it .
Child , yard , and house did n’t have a woman ’s touch .
Logic carried Phoebe to the thought that neither did the man .
Disappointment fled .
Opportunity raised its head and looked Phoebe square in the face .
Stepping onto the porch , she chased away logic before it had a chance to gel .
The kitchen was visible through the screen .
Dirty dishes were on the table , piled on the sink .
Dust , so old it had lost its color , lay on every surface from windowsill to chair backs .
Hungering for things she did n’t have , Phoebe itched to take up scrub brush and mop , just to have the feel of the familiar in her hands .


The child was staring at her .
Phoebe plumbed her mind for what to do or say .
“ Is G . G . Morgan your pa ? ”


The girl nodded .
“ You ’re not supposed to be in the backyard .
You want something you have to pay for it around front . ”


“ I was just on my way . ”
She could n’t keep from asking , “ Who tends to you when your pa ai n’t here ? ”


The child ’s eyes shifted , the brooding stare becoming an angry glower .
“ I take care of myself .
I do n’t need nobody .
Mind your own business . ”


Phoebe bristled .
“ It ai n’t polite to talk to your elders that way . ”


“ You ’re not my elder .
You look like a rag picker . ”


Phoebe gathered all five feet of herself into one proud and stiff frame .
“ That ’s what I done all my working life until the mills shut down .
When I see your pa , first thing I ’ m gonna tell him is that your tongue needs a set - to with soap . ”
She spun off the porch and went to locate Maydean and Willie - Boy .
For certain she did n’t want them connecting with G . G . Morgan ’s girl .
Maydean and Willie - Boy were ornery enough without learning new ways to go about it .


Maydean was still at the mirror , trying out different ways to pucker lips and flutter lashes .
“ Where ’s Willie - Boy ? ”
Phoebe asked .


“ Droolin ’ over that bike . ”


“ He ai n’t .
Maydean , I told you to watch your brother .
Get outta there and help me look .
No tellin ’ what pile of junk he ’s hidin ’ behind or climbin ’ about . ”


“ It ’s too hot to go huntin ’ him up .
I ’ m thirsty . ”


“ Dead people do n’t thirst , Maydean .
And that ’s what you ’re gonna be if you do n’t crawl outta that wreck and help me find Willie - Boy .
I do n’t want us in sight when Gage Morgan trots back here .
I aim to slip our bumper and ride out like lightnin ’ . ”


“ A mule walkin ’ backward can go faster than our old truck .
He ’ll catch us . ”


“ It wo n’t do him any good .
I aim to tape our license tag to the inside back window .
If he catches up to us , we ’ll just roll our windows up and outwait him .
One thing I figure Gage Morgan do n’t have is patience . ”


Phoebe called out for her brother , but met only silence .


“ He ’s prob ’ ly playin ’ hide ‘ n ’ seek , ” suggested Maydean .


“ If he is , he ’ll have to seek a new hide when I get done with him . ”


Phoebe ’s own patience was wearing thin .
She did n’t like Willie - Boy being out of her sight .
The junkyard was rife with paths going every which way around heaps of old tires , wrecked cars , and boats .
All of which must look adventurous to a five - year - old with the urge to explore .


To Phoebe , every pile of rubble held danger .
Willie - Boy could be suffocating under a mountain of old tires , lying broken beneath a slide of metal , dead in high weeds , snakebit .
With a queasy feeling in the pit of her stomach , she sent Maydean one way ; she went another .


She could n’t help thinking that it had all been too easy .
Outside of G . G . Morgan setting his sights on her bumper , being led straight here by the police when he could ’ve just as easily given her a ticket , finding a good place to hide the truck …
Things just do n’t go easy for people and even if it did , something ’s bound to come and spoil it .


“ Knew it ! ” she muttered when she found Willie - Boy draped over the prow of an old wooden boat on the bank of the estuary .
He was suffering an attack of asthma and gasping for air .
“ It … come … on me … sudden , ” he rasped .


Phoebe ’s spirit sagged .
She was running out of money , had n’t found a job , had n’t found a house , and she had two kids in hand to feed .
One of whom had now gone and got sick .
_If the Lord is watching over me , where ’s my share of help ? _ she wondered , feeling a stab of pity for herself .
But she felt sorrier for Willie - Boy .
Asthma was a beast , a hungry beast , and it sapped his strength , took away his good times , kept him sitting up at night , kept him housed when he ’d rather be playing , seeing to little - boy junkets and adventures .
The attacks scared him .
He always thought he was going to die .


“ I ’ m gonna pick you up , Willie - Boy , ” she crooned .
He hardly weighed more than a tubful of wet washing .
“ There ’s a nice shady porch out back of that house yonder .
Soon ’s we get outta this hot old sun , you ’ll be fine . ”


Maydean ’s path had led her back to the old car .
_Anxious to practice puckering again no doubt_ , Phoebe thought .
Willie - Boy ’s gasping was getting worse .
She yelled at Maydean , “ Do n’t you even think once of climbin ’ back in that wreck , Maydean Hawley !
Get round here where I parked the truck and get the inhaler .
Willie - Boy ’s havin ’ an attack . ”


Phoebe put Willie - Boy on the back porch , propping him against one of the supports .
The terrible sucking sounds he made trying to draw in oxygen made her wince .
His face was red and sweat was pouring off him .
Hesitantly , the girl came out of the house and stood beside Phoebe .
Interest had replaced her sullen expression .


“ What ’re you doing ?
What ’s wrong with him ?
You ’re not supposed to be back here . ”


“ I need a bowl of ice and a rag , ” Phoebe told her .
“ A clean rag , ” she added , recalling the state of the kitchen .


“ My daddy wo n’t like — ”


Phoebe glared at the child .
“ You get me a bowl of ice and a clean rag .
What your daddy might not like is my brother dyin ’ right here on his back porch .
Quick now , ” she said more gently when the child ’s eyes flared with fear .
Maydean brought the inhaler .
Phoebe shoved it in Willie - Boy ’s mouth .
It took him a half dozen good gasps to get the medication into his throat and down into his lungs .
The terrible sucking sounds abated .


“ What ’s your name ? ”
Phoebe asked when the girl returned bearing ice cubes and a rag , gray and musty smelling .


“ Dorie Morgan . ”


“ Well , you done good , Dorie Morgan . ”
Phoebe began to wipe Willie - Boy down with rag - wrapped ice .
When he began to take interest in his surroundings , when she saw his gaze go curiously to the girl , she handed him the rag and told him to keep at it himself .


“ I almost died , did n’t I , Phoebe ? ”


“ You did n’t even come close .
But when I whollop you for running and scampering in the sun like that , you ’re gonna wisht you hadda died . ”


“ What the hell ’s going on here ? ”
G . G . Morgan came out the screen door , letting it slam behind him .


Phoebe ’s heart sank .
All her advantage lost .
She stood tall and glowered at him , sloe - eyed .


“ You said to meet you here to get my bumper back .
I ’ m here . ”


The junkyard owner looked at his daughter , at Maydean , at Willie - Boy before settling once again on Phoebe .
“ You turned up seventy dollars that quick ? ”


“ Ai n’t turned up nothin ’ but here . ”


“ This is private property .
When you get the money , come to the front .
That shed by the gate . ”


“ Ca n’t , ” said Phoebe , latching onto a blameworthy reason to give her some leverage .
“ When you hit us that lick this morning the excitement made Willie - Boy come down with a spell of asthma .
After we got here , like you told us to , invited us practically , he knocked himself out on a piece of your junk .
He ca n’t be moved unless it ’s to a hospital .
Reckon you want to pay the hospital bill ? ”


“ Pay ?
Lady , I ’ m not paying for a damn thing .
Your careless driving caused that wreck .
And there ’s a sign on the gate that I ’ m not responsible for accidents . ”


“ A sign do n’t mean nothing except that you know your property ai n’t safe .
Willie - Boy ’s the proof of that I reckon .
Anyhow , it ’s your word against mine .
More so the word of a Hawley is as good as you can get since the beginning of America .
You want to call it even and give me back my bumper , we ’ll just be on our way . ”


Gage was aware that he did n’t know a lot about handling women or children .
It seemed to him that the caustic - tongued redhead did n’t fit either category .
She was too old to be a child and too rail - thin to be called a woman .
What he did know was the bottom line .
He spoke it , “ Seventy dollars or no bumper . ”


“ Ai n’t got seventy dollars — yet . ”


Phoebe watched his mouth get thin - lipped .
The thinner it got , the deeper became the frown between his eyes .
The frown did n’t hurt his looks any .
But now was n’t the time to study on the man ’s looks .
Still , her eyes strayed to the laundry - made creases in his shirt , his tanned , muscled arms , the balled fists propped at his belt line .
She had the notion that a virtuous woman never stared at a man below the waist , so she dragged her eyes back to his face .


“ You ’ll have to leave , ” said Gage .
“ When you get the money to repair my truck , you can have your bumper . ”


Phoebe heard him , glared at him and thrust her chin out .
She knew the set of her jaw did n’t make her look her best .
Ma always said a body could set a dime on her chin when Phoebe ’s dander was up .
Well , her dander was up .
She could feel bile racing through her veins .
When a woman got mad , a woman could get anything she wanted — if she just had the gumption to stay mad and not let up .


Phoebe believed she had so much gumption it threatened to spurt out her ears .


“ You got a phone I can borrow ?
I want to call an ambulance for Willie - Boy , seein ’ as how I ai n’t got no bumper or tag , I ca n’t drive him there myself .
Seein ’ as how you ai n’t got the heart to let him recover afore you run us off .
I imagine the folks at the hospital will want to know how he come to be so bad off .
Do n’t think I wo n’t tell them .
How you banged into us , how you was n’t concerned about nothin ’ but your old truck and gettin ’ money outta poor folks . ”


Maydean started to cry .
“ I want to get outta here , Phoebe .
We ’re gonna be in big trouble .
We could go to jail .
Welfare will get us and separate us .
You know what Ma said — ”


“ Go sit in the truck until you can get your wits about you , Maydean .
This minute ! ”
Maydean shuffled a few backward steps , refusing to budge farther .


“ You ’re trying to lay a scam on me , ” said Gage Morgan .
“ It ’s not going to happen .
People like you are always sniffing around for a hand - out .
You came to the wrong place this time . ”


Phoebe skewered him with her see - all look , pondering the quality of G . G . Morgan , trusting to her backwoods instinct .
Stubborn and tight - fisted , she figured .
One thing she knew about a tight - fisted man : he craved an image of being generous in spirit while keeping his purse strings double - knotted .
The mill owner back home had been exactly the same way , oozing nice words to Ma ’s face , when behind her back he was asking the sheriff to evict them .
That picture recalled , Phoebe carried on , all acting fury and spewing Hawley history .


“ Hawleys do n’t accept charity .
Never have , not once , not since Cuthbert Hawley indentured himself to James Oglethorpe to Georgia and worked seven _hard_ years for a bed rug , a fellin ’ ax , a bag of oatmeal , three shirts , an ’ a fiddle .
We always give fair value for anything we get .
So you can just take back what you said about us grovelin ’ for a handout .
It appears to me that you ’re so used to sellin ’ junk you think you can grab what belongs to other folks and sell it back .
You think — ”


“ I ’ m gonna throw up , ” said Willie - Boy .


Phoebe let up on G . G . Morgan .
She tucked her skirt between her legs and knelt beside her brother , holding his head over the side of the porch .
Skittering a glance at the junkyard owner over her shoulder she watched his face go pale .
It was something , she thought , how a man could bear up under a show of blood and fair faint at the sound of a dab of gagging .
One thing she knew certain .
She was riled and aimed to perch right here until Willie - Boy got better , and she got her bumper back .


“ If you ’re not up to paying the hospital for Willie - Boy , I reckon I can nurse him like I always done .
That is , if you got a quiet place I can lay him down . ”
She wiped Willie - Boy ’s mouth , then picked him up .
His head lolled weakly against her shoulder , his legs draped over her arm , twitching .
Expressions were fleeing across Gage Morgan ’s face .
Phoebe could see him deciding about a sure thing — in favor of his purse .


“ How long will it take him to recover ? ”


Phoebe thought , _Until I find a job and make seventy dollars_ .
“ An hour , maybe two . ”


Scowling , G . G . Morgan opened the screen door and waved her through .
Sharp - eyed , Phoebe took in the kitchen , the wide central hall beyond , and the doors leading to hidden sanctuaries and all good things in life — she hoped .
“ Where can I put him ? ”


Gage pointed .
Phoebe went .
It was a cramped and musty little room with spider webs draped and barely hanging on in the corners .
It had a dresser and a double bed with the mattress rolled up , exposing old iron springs .
The dust was terrible , not at all good for Willie - Boy .
The room ’s only redeeming feature was the butter - yellow sunshine shining through the window .
Phoebe called to Maydean .


“ Lay out that mattress . ”


“ You reckon it has bedbugs ? ”


Phoebe shot a look behind her , but Gage Morgan was gone , in his place stood his daughter .
“ Do n’t look a gift horse in the mouth , Maydean . ”
She lay Willie - Boy down , stretching out his legs .
To Dorie she said , “ You want to show me where you keep a bucket and soap ?
And a sheet ? ”


“ What ’re you gonna do ? ”


“ Clean this room .
If I do n’t , Willie - Boy wo n’t get well . ”


“ This was my mama ’s room . ”


Phoebe lifted her brow .
“ Your pa ’s , too ? ”


“ No , just my mama ’s .
She did n’t like my daddy . ”


“ Marriage can be a terrible trial if you ai n’t married to the right person , ” Phoebe allowed .


“ Mama liked me , though . ”


“ You miss her , do n’t you ?
It ’s a sad thing when a mother is taken up and leaves young ’ uns behind . ”
She followed Dorie into the kitchen .
The child pointed out the pantry .


“ If Mama had taken me with her that day , she would n’t ’ ve drowned .
I can swim real good .
I could ’ve saved her . ”


“ I ’ll just bet you could ’ve . ”


Phoebe did n’t know where all this was leading .
That the girl was troubled was plain .
Later she could worry on the child .
Just now , getting settled was the main thing .
She looked up at the ceiling .
Lor , but having a roof above one ’s head was a precious thing .


From somewhere at the other end of the rambling old house , Gage Morgan called for his daughter .
Before the child went to answer his summons , Phoebe saw the way Dorie ’s face tightened .
_A hornet ’s nest , that ’s what I ’ve stepped into_ , Phoebe thought .
Digging around in the pantry for the things she needed , she amended the thought .
_Dern dirty hornet ’s nest ! _
She put her hand around the mop handle and sighed happily .


* * *


Standing at the foot of the bed , Phoebe turned slowly and admired her work .
The small room gleamed clean and cheerful .
Not even a vagrant dust mote hung in the air for the sun to illuminate .
Maydean was polishing the mirror on the dresser with yellowed newspaper and vinegar .
What with Maydean ’s love affair with her mirror image , Phoebe figured that ’d keep the twelve - year - old content and out of harm ’s way for an hour or two .
What was pressing down on Phoebe now was hunger .


She could feel the pangs , stabbing and fixing to get noisy .


“ I feel good now , Phoebe , ” said Willie - Boy from the bed .
He was lying on a clean pink sheet and propped up on a pillow they ’d discovered in the closet .
“ I can get up now . ”


Phoebe was thinking hard .
Everything she had in mind — survival , for today anyway — depended upon Willie - Boy being ill .
And staying that way .
Looking at the five - year - old , she struggled with her conscience .
She had to decide between two - hundred - fifty years of inbred Hawley scruples and one hour of dire need .
Need won out .
She sat on the bed and touched Willie - Boy ’s forehead .
“ You ’re not better yet , Willie - Boy .
I can see it in your eyes . ”


“ You can ? ”


“ Sure I can .
You know anybody with better eyesight than me ? ”
She put her face right up to Willie - Boy ’s .
“ I can look into your eyes and see everything that ’s going on inside you . ”


He squeezed his eyes closed .
“ Do n’t look inside me , Phoebe .
I got secrets .
You ’re not supposed to know secrets . ”


“ I have to look inside you so I know when you ’re well .
But when I ’ m looking , you can put your hand over your heart .
That way I wo n’t come upon anything you got to hide . ”


“ You ’re sure ? ”
Childish skepticism layered each word .


“ ’ Course I ’ m sure .
You put your hand over your heart , and it makes a dark shadow in there .
You know how hard it is to see into shadows . ”


“ Lemme get up , Phoebe .
I feel okay .
My chest do n’t hurt none . ”


“ That ’s because it ’s numb .
When the feelin ’ comes back I reckon I ’ll have to sit up with you all night . ”


“ Here ? ”


“ Right here in this room .
Would you like that ? ”


“ I like layin ’ on a mattress .
It ’s softer than the back of the truck .
But what about Mister Morgan ? ”


“ I ’ll handle him , ” Phoebe said , wondering how .
One thing was certain .
Every word spoken to the man had to count .
She suspected Gage Morgan had a fair amount of sense .
Her idea was to not let him catch on that she knew it .
With a word of caution to Maydean not to leave the room , she went to find the man who was her reluctant host .


The hall was wide , high , and dim , the windows at each end so fogged with grime little light found its way inside .
Of the six doors along its length one was slightly open .
Phoebe peeked in .
The bathroom .
It needed a good scrub down .
Another door was gaping .
Dorie lay upon an unmade bed , coloring .
Phoebe stood on the threshold .


“ Where ’s your pa ? ”


Scowling , the girl looked up .
“ Out to the shed . ”


“ What shed ? ”


“ The welding shed .
He fixes boat motors and propellers . ”


“ Where is it ? ”


Dorie raised up and pointed out a window hung with once - white curtains gone gray and limp .
“ It ’s on the other side of the junkyard , facing the canal . ”
Her eyes stayed hard on Phoebe for a few seconds then returned to the coloring book .


Phoebe ignored the child ’s dismissal .
“ How long ’s your ma been in heaven ? ”


The narrow face went dark .
“ Since last summer . ”


“ Who does the cooking and cleaning for you and your pa ? ”


“ Daddy does it . ”


Thinking on the state of the kitchen , Phoebe thought , _No he do n’t _ .
Ideas raced so rampant in her head she was out the back door and across the junkyard before she had any good speaking words fixed solidly in her brain .


* Chapter 2 Chapter 2 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 2


The welding shed was a great barn of a building constructed of metal .
It was open at both ends so that standing at the landward end Phoebe could look straight through to the bay bathed in the sky ’s yellow haze .
She glimpsed a fishing boat , nets dark with water and draped on a boom .
At its stern , a flock of seagulls fluttered and dived in wondrous profusion .
Phoebe slipped inside the yawning opening and stood there , giving her eyes the moments needed to adjust .


Propellers , large and small , lined the walls or hung suspended from ceiling beams on pulleys and chains — chains as thick as Gage Morgan ’s biceps .
Phoebe could make the comparison because he was working on a propeller hung from just such a chain .
He ’d changed from his laundry - creased clothes into oil - stained khakis and a shirt with the sleeves cut out .
The muscles in his arms rippled as he bore down on a bolt with a wrench .


Watching him caused a good - feeling sensation to spread warmth inside her .
Lor , but it was fine to see a man work !
Leastways , she now knew the source of those callouses on his palms .
They ’d be fair scratchy on a woman ’s tender skin , though .
She paused on the thought and caught herself running her hands up her arms .


Her midsection began to actively protest its hunger .
The borborygmus issuing from her lower regions caught her off guard .
The growling quaked so in her ears she misplaced the words she ’d rehearsed .
She cleared her throat as loud as she could .


Gage Morgan spun around , and she noted the expression he wore did n’t come anywhere near being kindly .


“ Do n’t ever come sneaking up on me like that ! ”


“ I ’ m no sneak . ”
Offended , Phoebe regretted her good thoughts and the admiring of his body .
“ It ’s what ’s in your mind that makes a sneak .
If I was aimin ’ to be sly , I could ’ve slipped in and been here hours afore you discovered me . ”


“ I ’ll give it to you that you ’re a sly one , ” he said acidly .
“ What do you want now ? ”


Pride went racing up and down Phoebe ’s spine looking for a way out .
Before it got loose and did damage , she said , “ I just came to tell you Willie - Boy is some better . ”


“ You ’re clearing out ? ”


He sounded so much like he wanted her to that Phoebe had to bite back the urge to say yes .
“ Willie - Boy ’s not up to bein ’ moved yet .
He ’s fair weak , what with throwin ’ up his breakfast and all . ”
She paused , waiting to see how much sympathy that elicited .
None !
All the callouses in the world could n’t make up for a hard heart in a man .
The dark , tightly wound knot under her ribcage that harbored hope shrank painfully .


“ I came to see if I could buy a can of beans off your shelf or a couple of those near - to - rotten potatoes in that bag in the pantry .
I figured some soup ’d give Willie - Boy back his strength . ”
For good measure and to jolt his conscience , she added , “ If it comes to having to take Willie - Boy over to the hospital , I want to be able to say you done all you could for him . ”


Gage made a noise in his throat .
Phoebe was certain his gall was rising .
Prob ’ ly he could taste it , too .


“ There ’re some women who can drive a man to drink or worse , ” he said , his jaw muscles going so tight Phoebe feared he might break a tooth .
“ You ’re one of them .
Sly - tongued , manipulative harridans like you ought to be tarred and hung up to dry .
Know this : there ’s not a woman in the world that can best me .
Not after all I been through with a woman .
You can just quit trying . ”


Phoebe had a flash of clarity .
He was telling on himself without knowing it .
No doubt , a woman had gotten to Gage Morgan where it hurt the most — his purse .
She tossed her head , which had the effect of making her curls fly .


“ I do n’t take to slurring on my person .
God made me a woman .
You got problems with that , you take it up with Him .
You gonna sell me a potato , or not ?
I got to get some food in Willie - Boy lest he goes to faintin ’ with weakness . ”


Gage ’s fist tightened on the wrench .
He waved it in the direction of the house .
“ Take what you want from the pantry .
And the potatoes are n’t rotten .
I just bought them . ”


“ Just did ? ” oozed Phoebe , ignoring the easy manner in which he was flailing the heavy tool about .
Calling her names like that was unjustified .
She was n’t going to back down just because she had brains , and the man did n’t like that .
She ought to leave well enough alone .
She had what she came for , but gumption overrode her practicality .
“ Well , the market put one over on you , mister .
Those potatoes are sproutin ’ . ”


“ No one puts anything over on me , ” he reiterated .


Phoebe ducked her chin and shoved her hands into her skirt pockets .
“ I reckon they do n’t , ” she crooned so smoothly , the sarcasm did n’t catch .
“ You appear to be about the smartest man I ever met . ”
On the outside .
On the inside , he appeared to own a lacking she could n’t put a name to — yet .


His pupils dilated .
“ I ’ m not giving over to flattery from the likes of you .
Get your brother up and about and get off my property .
The sooner the better . ”


“ I aim to , ” Phoebe answered forcefully , lest he pick up on the idea she meant to plop down like an old - time squatter spying the unprotected edge of a fine stone - free meadow .


Her feet itched to move but she did n’t want to turn her back and allow him to watch her leave the shed .
She knew she did n’t have a hip - swaying walk that men kept on about .
She pretended interest in her surroundings , gazing about the shed , above her head , along the walls , until she spotted the bumper to her truck lying against some ma chine parts .
Her eyes narrowed .


Tracking her gaze , G . G . Morgan alerted the instant her eyes alighted on the bumper .
“ Do n’t even think it , ” he said .
“ When I ’ m not working in here , this shed is locked tighter than an unopened drum .
You want that bumper … come up with some cash . ”


_Dern_ .
The surprise on her face must ’ve hinted the way her mind worked .
Phoebe knew it was n’t in her nature to give up the last word .
But just this once , she was going to allow it on purpose .
Let Gage Morgan think what he wanted .
If he was so loose - minded , he could n’t see that returning her bumper would turn her out of his house , she was n’t about to disabuse him .


She filled up her face with belligerence to hide her elation and let him get a good glimpse of it before she turned and exited the shed .
On the off chance that taking mincing steps was how a woman achieved the hip rolling men admired , Phoebe tried it .
She stumbled over her own feet .
Behind her , Gage Morgan snorted .


Picking herself up , she shot a comment over her shoulder .
“ A body could break her neck on the clutter you keep . ”


Gage grinned .
Phoebe was taken aback .
Lor !
He looked wonderful when he smiled .


“ The only clutter in your path is at the end of those sticks you walk on , ” he said .


Phoebe drew herself up so still and tall she gained two inches .
Gutter - minded man , she thought , smile or no . Inspecting her legs like that .
Just went to show what kind of woman Gage Morgan would hook up to , if he got the chance .
Which no doubt he would n’t , considering how insufferable he was .
Aggravation and mean thoughts occupied her all the way across the junkyard to the house and into the pantry .


The potatoes were Idaho , the prettiest Phoebe had held in her hand in many a week .
She took them to the sink and cleared out a place to peel them .
Gage Morgan ’s words had stuck in her craw .
If ever she ’d met a man who needed undoing , he was it .
He needed to be unlaced so severely that everything he was just spilled out at her feet .
Not feet .
She did n’t want to think about feet .
There were a few things besides hip rolling that could set a man to thinking right about a woman .
One of them was the smell of good food cooking .
No doubt she ’d figure out others as opportunities arose .


A closer inspection of the pantry shelves revealed condensed milk , sugar , packets of yeast , cornmeal , dried beans , crackers , and all manner of canned goods .
Phoebe frowned at all the manna .
It was just sitting there getting dusty and going to sinful waste .
For shame .
A woman trying to live right in God ’s eye would n’t tolerate such .
Phoebe grouped together the makings of a rich , thick soup , corn fritters , and fried potato doughnuts .
If a body looked on it right , she was undoing sin and waste .
God was probably looking down on her right this minute and beaming His approval .


Phoebe looked out the salt - and - grime - streaked kitchen window and saw prosperity : Ma weeding bean and tomato plants that marched in neat rows down to the estuary .
She saw Erlene scattering corn to chickens , Pa in his rocking chair on the back porch .
Willie - Boy on his lap , listening to Pa ’s old - time stories of wild boar hunts , alligator skinning , and fearsome snakes — none of which Pa had done himself , but his pa had and his pa before him — all the way back to Cuthbert Hawley .
Listening to Pa you ’d think Cuthbert lived around the corner and was coming to Sunday dinner hauling a deer haunch over his shoulder instead of being dead nigh on two hundred years .


Once the potatoes were boiling and the sugar yeast rising , Phoebe called Maydean and ordered her to clean the bathroom .


“ Do the mirror last , Maydean , lest it get a hold on you . ”


“ I ai n’t in the mind to clean somebody else ’s house .
How long we gonna stay here ? ”


Phoebe spied the top of Dorie Morgan ’s head just beneath the window sill .
The scamp was eavesdropping .
At the behest of her own pa , no doubt .


“ Just until Willie - Boy ’s well enough to travel , ” she posed with studied casualness .


“ He ’s almost that now , ” claimed Maydean .


Phoebe could ’ve throttled her .
“ He is not .
He ’s weaker than I ’ve seen him in a month of Sundays .
If I was to move him now , it ’d have to be to a hospital . ”
She shoved a bucket and a can of cleanser at Maydean .
“ Get in that bathroom and make it shine . ”
Louder , she said , “ I wonder where that Dorie got off to ?
Like as not , bedridden as he is , Willie - Boy ’d like some company . ”
She turned away from the window and began to clear the table .
The screen door squeaked .
“ Oh , there you be , ” Phoebe said .
“ I was just — ”


“ My daddy said to stay away from you . ”


“ Why ? ”


Dorie shrugged .
“ He just said , is all . ”


“ If you lived in Cottontown where we come from , you ’d be proud to associate with a Hawley .
We got the reputation for being law abidin ’ and church goin ’ .
Howsomever , I do n’t want you to go against your pa ’s word .
So you can just clear outta this kitchen .
I got floors to scrub , dishes to wash , and doughnuts to fry . ”


Dorie hesitated .
“ Are you cooking for me , too ? ”


“ You and your pa , if he ’s so - minded . ”
Which Phoebe reckoned he would be once he got a whiff of her crisp - fried doughnuts .
A right - minded man appreciated a woman who could cook .
Phoebe did n’t hold with all the other things men appreciated , mostly because she knew she was so thinly endowed with any of them .
If she ever found a man who could look beyond body parts , she ’d latch on to him so quick …


“ Daddy eats at the restaurant in town . ”


“ What about you ? ”


“ He brings me hamburgers .
I like hamburgers . ”


“ Maybe tomorrow I ’ll make you a hamburger , ” Phoebe said .
“ That is , if Willie - Boy do n’t recover well enough to travel by dinner time .
Howsomever , there ’s one thing I do n’t tolerate .
That ’s a dirty face at my table .
Once Maydean ’s got that bathroom clean , you scrub up . ”


The child bristled .
“ That ’s our table , not yours .
I can sit any way I want . ”


“ You can sit at it .
You can own it .
But I wo n’t put no fried doughnuts on it lessen the faces around it are scrubbed and hair ’s combed .
That ’s my final word . ”


Dorie stalked out .
Phoebe started to call her back but stopped .
She did n’t know what more she could say , or how much saying she could get away with .
Anyway , at the moment the refrigerator needed her attention .
It was big and solid and a light flashed on when the door was opened .


On the first shelf were good - quality milk , butter , cheeses , and jellies .
The lower shelves were crammed with bits and bowls of food gone rock hard or growing things .
Lor !
But this house needed constant seeing to by a woman .
Most especially it needed a fine upstanding , hard - working woman who had lots of patience , a strong back , nice teeth , and a frugal outlook to match its owner ’s .
Phoebe thought she had all of that and a good heart to boot .


She had more than a good heart .
It was ready to be filled with love .
Although she had no evidence to support the idea , Phoebe told herself the junkyard owner appeared to need seeing to as much as his house .
The bold thought sent a tingling up her spine .
Having a house , having a man to call her own , especially a man as powerful and worthy of admiration as Gage Morgan …
She shook her head as if to clear it of such foolishness .


But her good heart went to pounding like a jackhammer , speeding so that she felt compelled to clutch her chest to slow it down .
The idea of pairing up with Gage Morgan would n’t go away .
It entertained her until she went to rummage for a sick - bed tray and dished up soup and cornbread for Willie - Boy .


“ Are you gonna make me stay in bed the rest of my life ? ”


“ Nope , ” replied Phoebe .
“ After you eat , you ’re gonna get a nice hot bath . ”


Willie - Boy made a face .
“ I do n’t feel dirty . ”


“ You do n’t feel sick , either , but you are .
Do n’t go stubborn on me , Willie - Boy .
I ’ m gettin ’ enough of that from the Morgans . ”


“ I wanna go fishin ’ .
You said if we got anywhere near water , I could go fishin ’ .
There ’s water every which way here . ”


“ Phoebe ! ”
Maydean hollered .


“ Maydean , do n’t come up yellin ’ in my ear like that . ”


“ There ’s a television as big as the movie theater ’s in the living room . ”


“ I told you to clean the bathroom , not to go snoopin ’ into closets and such ! ”
Phoebe was saving the prying and poaching of the house for herself .
She could do it better .
She did n’t like Maydean breaking ground first .


“ It ai n’t in no closet .
It ’s sittin ’ on a table , big as life .
Dorie turned it on .
Can I sit with her ? ”


Phoebe debated silently .
She wanted to view the rest of the house .
Just a look - see for now .
The place she wanted her imprint on first was the kitchen .
If she got her aura set there , why it ’d just naturally follow her into every other room .
But she had to be delicate about it .
If Maydean was in the living room , why it stood to reason , she ’d have to look in on her there .
To make sure Maydean was n’t getting into anything she should n’t .


“ If you can get Dorie to the kitchen table with her face washed and hair combed to eat some soup , then I reckon the both of you can watch television . ”


“ If I ca n’t go fishin ’ I wanna watch TV , ” announced Willie - Boy .


“ Maybe after a bit , I ’ll carry you in there , ” Phoebe agreed .


“ I can walk . ”


Her mouth drew down at the corners .
“ You ca n’t .
And that ’s a fact .
You want to watch TV , I ’ll carry you . ”


Speaking of carrying , reminded Phoebe of the suitcases still out in the truck .
It might look alarming if she toted them all in at the same time .
She ’d have to condense to get toothbrushes , pajamas , and fresh clothes into the house .
She picked up the bed tray .
“ You just let that food go down good , Willie - Boy .
A nap wo n’t hurt you none .
After that , you can have a bath , fried doughnuts , and TV . ”


“ You promise ? ”


“ No .
It ai n’t our house .
I ca n’t promise nothin ’ .
I ’ m just sayin ’ . ”


“ If it was our house , would you promise ? ”


“ If it was our house , I ’d let Ma answer your ever - lastin ’ questions . ”


“ I wish Ma was here .
She loves me .
I ’ m her best boy . ”
His eyes got wet , his mouth began to quiver .


Homesick , Phoebe surmised .
“ I got an idea .
While you ’re restin ’ , you be thinkin ’ of somethin ’ to say to Ma .
I ’ll write it in a letter .
Now , I got things to do . ”
Weighted with the tray and problems needing solving , Phoebe hurried back to the kitchen .
Gage Morgan was standing at the stove , peering into the soup pot .


Lor !
The good cooking smells worked faster than she ’d anticipated .
“ You set to the table , ” she said , “ I ’ll fix you a plate . ”


Gage lifted his eyes to her , his expression bland .
“ This made out of my rotten potatoes ? ”


Phoebe cleared her throat .
“ I cut out the bad spots .
They were n’t so bad as I first supposed . ”


“ I do my eating in town , ” he informed her , seeming to peer beyond Phoebe as if she did n’t exist .


Plans goin ’ awry !
Phoebe knew no way a woman could get a man if he would n’t sit still .
“ Seems to me it ’d be a fair waste of good money to pay for ready - cooked food in a restaurant when you got home fixin ’s in your own clean kitchen . ”
She began setting the table with the dishes she ’d washed .
“ Your daughter , Dorie , commented she liked doughnuts .
I ’ m fryin ’ some up soon ’s the batter rises .
It ’s the least I can do for her , you lettin ’ us stay here and all . ”
Moving around the table , Phoebe kept him in a corner of her vision .
“ Which is your chair ? ”
She went to the stove , dipped up a bowl of soup .
“ Where you want it ?
There ’s cornbread , too .
In the oven , stayin ’ warm . ”


Gage stared at her with a catlike stillness about his lean , hard frame .
Grudgingly , he admitted to himself that Phoebe was right .
He ’d waste both time and money going out to eat .
Even so , the girl ’s insouciance was insupportable … on the other hand , he had n’t had a home - cooked meal in months .


Phoebe watched his mouth alter shape , losing its hard - stern line as if to smile .
She opened her mouth to speak , but Gage walked on through and out of the kitchen into the house proper .
She put the bowl on the table .
Dipping up another cup of soup , she stood at the sink sipping on it .
The best she ’d ever made , she thought , staring out the window .
This time no mindscape of visions came to her .
No pictures of Ma or Pa or Erlene .
The best - tasting soup she ’d ever made sank like lead into her stomach .


Chair legs scraping the linoleum intruded upon her thoughts , grated on her nerves .
She turned to chastise Maydean who had the bad habit of yanking chairs about and had to bite her tongue to keep the words from flying out .


Gage Morgan had taken his place at the table and was pulling the brimming bowl of soup toward him .
His cap of dark curly hair had been wetted and combed , his hands washed .
Phoebe approved .
It showed he had respect for the cook .
A body on the alert for such could do a lot with respect , reckoning her alertness to be greater than if she ’d been anticipating the effects of a double dose of castor oil .


“ You like cornbread ? ” she asked , speaking up to cover the sudden quaking of nerve endings that were stimulating excitement in parts of her best ignored .


“ Sure do . ”


Phoebe sliced two generous pieces and put great dollops of butter on each .
“ Did n’t know about tea , ” she said .
“ There ’s ice water or milk . ”
He chose water .
Once he was eating steadily , she left him alone .
Most men did n’t like to be bothered when eating .
Pa was like that .
He hated having to swallow fast so as to make room for words .


She checked the plumpness of the sweet dough and set grease to heating in an iron skillet , moving from sink to pantry to stove as if being in his kitchen was the most ordinary of things .
She fried a test batch of doughnuts .
When they were nicely browned , she drained them on paper and sprinkled them with sugar .
“ Some folks are n’t up to sweets directly after they ’ve eaten , ” she said .
“ Which is it with you ? ”


“ I ’ll try one . ”


She placed several on a plate .
Gage ate them , every one .
Phoebe was proud to bursting .
She had to turn away lest he see the happiness overtaking her .


“ You folks on welfare , or what ? ”
Gage asked .


Phoebe spun around .
Her jaw dropped .
“ Welfare !
I ai n’t .
We ai n’t .
Were your ears plugged when I told you Hawleys do n’t take to charity ?
We ’re workers . ”
She felt like thumping him on his back to get the doughnuts up .


“ Do n’t get riled , ” Gage said , feeling mellow on account of his full stomach .
“ I was just curious . ”


“ That kind of curiosity ai n’t polite . ”


He arched a brow .
“ You ’re in my house .
I do n’t know you from Johnny Appleseed .
For all I know , you could clean me out the minute my back ’s turned . ”


Phoebe puffed up .
“ I come from good Christian stock .
We ai n’t never stole so much as a nickel .
For people , you wo n’t find none better than a Hawley . ”
Her look dared him to counter the truth of that .


“ Where exactly do you come from ? ”


“ Cottontown .
Up north .
Afore we got to Cottontown , Hawleys worked in paper mills in Alabama and Florida .
Afore that , Hawleys worked in sawmills , afore — ”


Gage rolled his eyes and held up a hand .
Phoebe clamped her mouth shut .
Talkin ’ too much .
It was nerves , sure as sunup ’ n sundown .


“ Where were you headed when we had the fender bender ? ”


“ I was headed for work , ” she said adroitly .
“ Like as not the folks wo n’t save my job , seeing as how I ’ve been held up . ”


“ You can use the phone in the living room to call if you want , ” Gage offered .


“ Better not .
It ’d be long distance .
Thank you for offerin ’ . ”
She put another batch of dough to frying .
“ I could email ’ em , though .
If you have a computer . ”


“ There ’s one in my office . ”


Phoebe did n’t know where his office was .
But it seemed he was giving her free reign ’ n trust to hunt it up .
“ I set Maydean to cleanin ’ the bathroom .
You mind if I sponge Willie - Boy off ?
I ’ m worried he ’ll take to gettin ’ feverish if I do n’t .
And if you ’ll tell me where you keep your washer , I ’ll rinse out the sheets off the bed in the mornin ’ .
Leave ’ em fresh , like we found ’ em . ”


Gage moved to the door .
“ There ’s a washer and dryer in the storeroom off the back porch . ”


“ Both ? ”


“ Both , ” he said , studying her hard for a moment .


Lor !
Phoebe was thinking , dirt and all , the house was a treasure trove of good things .
She ’d always had to hang clothes out on the clothesline on account of the cost of electricity .
A big - screen TV , a side - by - side refrigerator , a dryer , and a pantry filled with food .
“ God has sure been good to you , ” she said .


“ I could debate that .
You cook whatever you want for supper . ”
He glanced around the kitchen .
“ Appreciate you cleaning up the mess . ”


From inside the screen door , Phoebe watched him step off the porch and onto the path to the welding shed .
Cook whatever she wanted for supper !
If she was the swooning type , she reckoned she ’d ’ ve done it right then .
She did n’t know what time Gage Morgan figured on eating supper , but it was plain he meant for her to be in his house to cook it .
And tight - fisted as he was , he had manners , thanking her like that .
Of course , the way he inspected and commented on a woman ’s body was scandalous .
But a woman of virtue could lift a man out of wicked thoughts .
Like as not , a woman of virtue could coax a man to keep all his thoughts above the neck .


Phoebe counted herself among the most virtuous of women that God ever had a hand in creating .
Absolutely .
She had never once dropped her drawers for a man .
Never would either , unless … well , she would never be so stupid as to thwart the course of true love .


She went onto the porch and stared up into the noonday sun until a kaleidoscope of colors blocked out true vision .
Prudence , temperance , and fortitude swelled within her .
_Being noble was doing God ’s work , certain_ , she thought .
Ma would be so proud .


“ Whatcha doing standing out in the sun like that , Phoebe ? ”
Maydean said .
“ You know it makes your freckles pop out . ”


What with feeling so fine spirited , Phoebe did n’t like being reminded of earthly flaws .
“ I was prayin ’ over your food , Maydean , so you wo n’t choke to death .
The way you gobble I figured I ’d better get as close to God as I could . ”
Dorie was on Maydean ’s heels .
Her face and hands were clean , her hair brushed into some order .
The smell of fried doughnuts worked wonders .
“ Dish up soup for yourself and Dorie .
Afterward , you wash dishes .
Dorie can dry . ”


“ I hate doin ’ dishes .
I ’ m tryin ’ to let my fingernails grow . ”


“ If you ’re worried about your nails , Maydean , soon as I can lay my hands on a pair of pliers , I can pluck ’ em out . ”


She thrust out her lower lip .
“ I ’ m goin ’ to tell Ma how mean you been bein ’ to me . ”


Phoebe eyed Dorie , who was listening hard .
She did n’t want much mention of Ma and Pa and Erlene just yet .
“ We ’re G . G . Morgan ’s guests .
Proper manners require us to wash up .
Do a nicely neat job of it , and I wo n’t make you help me with the washin ’ .
You can watch TV with Dorie and Willie - Boy . ”


Maydean kept her pout but moved to the stove .
Satisfied , Phoebe went to inspect the washer and dryer .


The laundry room had its own dusty four - paned window .
Daylight streaming through revealed a copper - colored washer with a matching dryer .
Long - dirty clothes and linens were piled atop both machines .
Phoebe _tsk - tsked_ .
Along the opposite wall was another chest of white enamel .
A Sears and Roebuck freezer .
Phoebe put her hand on it and closed her eyes .
It was empty no doubt .
She lifted the lid and felt a blast of cold air .
She opened her eyes and looked .
Full !


There were packages upon packages labeled flounder and steak , whole chickens with plump thighs and breasts .
Ground beef , stew meat , green peas , lima beans , ice cream .
_Ice cream ! _
Phoebe kept rummaging and looking until her fingers were so cold she had to blow on them for warmth .
Lor !
A body would never go hungry in Gage Morgan ’s house .
She discounted the dire manner he had toward women .
Her estimation of him went up .
Oh !
This afternoon while clothes were drying on the line she ’d sit down and write home .
Ma had been beside herself fretting that she ’d have to swallow dignity and Hawley pride to go stand in line for food stamps .
And sneak to do so since Pa was so against it .
Phoebe could relieve her of that worry .
She lifted out a fat chicken to thaw for supper .


Energy high , Phoebe went to the truck and retrieved the sack of trip - worn , dirty clothes .
It took her some minutes to sort out how the washer worked , but once it was filled with hot water and detergent , she managed a steady stream out to the clothesline .
She longed to use the electric dryer , but prudence suggested sun drying .


Before she washed a single Morgan garment , she inspected it , taking care that it was washed according to instructions .
Those belonging to Gage Morgan had a smell about them .
Of clean oil , old soap , and man scent .
Phoebe put one of his shirts to her nose and inhaled .
She got wicked thoughts .
Lor !
She plunged it into the water .


When all the clotheslines were filled , she stood in the shade on the porch and watched towels and sheets and shirts billow in the summer salt - breeze .
She had worn a path in the high weeds to the lines .
It was almost like trailblazing .
Like being a pioneer woman , or leastways like one of the women who took up with Hawley men in the distant past .
She had so many good feelings inside she felt weak .


She had hung one of her blouses tail to tail with a shirt belonging to Gage Morgan .
In her mind , it was an intimate coupling , linking their lives .


All in all , thought Phoebe , this was most likely the best day of her life .


Gage did not come up to the house for supper , but worked in the welding shed long after dark .
Phoebe bathed herself and Willie - Boy and sent him and Maydean to bed .


Dorie balked at the mention of bed .
Phoebe let her be .
The child fell asleep on the sofa .
When Gage came in , he carried his daughter to her room .


“ You want me to help you get her into nightclothes ? ”
Phoebe asked .


“ No . ”


“ I set aside a platter of chicken and biscuits and gravy in the oven for you .
You want I should put it on the table ? ”


“ I ’ll eat in a bit . ”


Phoebe hesitated .
Best thing she could do , she thought , was take herself off to bed , too , lest they engage in a conversation regarding her leaving at first light in the morning .


Gage nodded absently , his attention wholly on Dorie .


For a brief moment , Phoebe wished he would focus his attention on her , but she could n’t fault the man for looking after his daughter .
“ G ’ night , then . ”


* * *


Gage left Dorie in her shorts , brushed sand from the bottom of her feet , and covered her with a thin flannel sheet .
He was only now learning how to parent .
Dorie ’s mother had held the child up to the world , to himself , as an achievement of her own .
Dorie had adored her mother , and Velma enjoyed the adoration to an unhealthy degree .
She had kept Dorie for herself .
Wrongly , to keep peace , he ’d allowed it .
Now Dorie suffered for it , and he did n’t know how to stop her suffering .


He brushed a wisp of hair from her forehead .
Her round tanned face was clean for a change .
The Hawley woman ’s doing no doubt .
He wondered how she ’d managed it .
Dorie wore her dirt like a badge of honor .


It was too soon to tell , but perhaps allowing the transients into his home was n’t such a bad thing .
Even if it was only for a day or two , they seemed a pleasant diversion for Dorie .


He turned on the ceiling fan , snapped on a Dora the Explorer night light , switched off the overhead light and went to get his supper .
The transit woman was pleasant for him , too , he mused when he bit into the chicken .
He was the worst cook in the world , and the chicken was the best he ’d ever tasted .


* Chapter 3 Chapter 3 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 3


Phoebe woke in the thin light of morning .
Maydean was curled into a ball at the foot of the bed .
Willie - Boy lay on his back .
She put her ear to his chest .
No sound of wheezing .
That was good — and bad .
She ’d have to figure out a way to stay , beyond his recovery .


She had clean jeans and blouse to wear today .
In the bathroom she yanked a brush through her hair , taming it as best she could .
A woman had to look her best at first light , Ma always said .


She tiptoed down the hall to Gage ’s bedroom .
The door was closed .
She put her ear to it .


“ Looking for me ? ”


She spun about .
He stood at the head of the hall , holding a cup , looking suspicious .
Phoebe cast about for the right words .
“ I was just hopin ’ my stumblin ’ round did n’t wake you .
I get fair noisy in the mornin ’ . ”


“ You did n’t . ”


She brushed past him , ever aware of his great height and powerful body .
He followed her into the kitchen .
Coffee was made .
Phoebe poured herself a cup , savoring the rich - perked taste of it .
“ Willie - Boy passed a fair to middlin ’ night , ” she said .


“ I ’ m glad to hear it . ”


“ I washed all the clothes I found in the laundry hamper .
I put Dorie ’s in her room , left yours folded in the basket .
You want me to put ’ em away ? ”


“ I can do that . ”


“ You want me to fix you some breakfast ? ”


“ Never eat in the morning . ”


Never stretch out your words , either .
Phoebe hunted up something to say so an awkward silence would n’t fall between them .
“ I got that email written , ” she advanced .
“ You reckon I can put your phone number on it , so as they can ring me up … if there ’s work ? ”


“ Meaning ? ”


“ Meanin ’ I can pick it up , if — ” She stopped , not allowing the words to cross her lips .
“ Those seafood houses down the road , are they hirin ’ ?
I reckon I could earn enough money outta one of them to pay you for the bumper .
That way , if there ’s still a job for me down the road a piece , I can get on the road quick . ”


He looked askance at her over the rim of his cup .
“ You ever pick crabs or shuck oysters ? ”


Phoebe read the doubt in his expression .
Her chin came up .
Not a dime ’s worth , but mayhap a nickel .
“ I can pick and shuck with the best of ’ em .
I ’ve picked cotton , shucked corn , and hoed sorghum .
Picking crabs and shucking oysters ca n’t be much different . ”
Or worse .
She ’d pulled cotton until the tips of her fingers blistered raw , shucked dry corn until her thumbs bled and had to use the hoe as a crook to hobble out of muddy milo fields at dusk , worrying that her spine would be bent the rest of her days .


“ If you say so , ” G . G . Morgan gave her an odd dogleg smile .
It hiked one corner of his kissin ’ lips .


Phoebe did n’t like the looks of his smile .
It was crafty .
She ’d never seen a live crab or oyster in her life , but she ’d seen pictures in National Geographic in the library back home .
And not a Thanksgiving or Christmas slipped by in Phoebe ’s living memory that Pa did n’t rant about his grandma ’s oyster dressing and she - crab soup , all the while dishing up second helpings of Ma ’s cornbread dressing and buttered sweet yams , and Ma sitting at the end of the table going pink with vexation .
Phoebe determined she was n’t going to be outdone by any critter smaller than herself .
Or bigger .
She eyed Gage and tendered a last attempt to convince him of her abilities .
“ My hands are agile .
My old boss in the cotton mills said I had the best hands he ever saw for threadin ’ bobbins . ”


“ Threading bobbins ? ”


“ That ’s right . ”
Phoebe displayed her hands , thrusting them out , turning them over .
“ I know they appear waiflike , but you ’re lookin ’ at a strong set of hands . ”
She had his full attention .
Seeing as men sometimes did n’t notice what was under their noses unless it smelled high , she decided to give him a good impression of the rest of her .
“ Matter of fact , I ’ m strong all over .
I just do n’t appear so .
I ai n’t never had a back problem and my brain is quick on complications . ”


“ Quick on being slick , you mean . ”


“ Nope , that ’s not what I mean a ’ tall , ” she said with undue calm while keeping an eye on him , liking what she was seeing and trying not to .
She was coming close to having wrong - way female thoughts about how good he looked in the morning , how much man there was packed into his pants .
She lifted her face and found him smiling at her .
Caught , she sniffed .
“ I ai n’t havin ’ evil thoughts about you , if that ’s what ’s makin ’ you grin like a cream - fed cat . ”


“ Would n’t do you any good if you were , you ’re not my type . ”


“ That ’s a good thing for both of us , ai n’t it ? ”
She let a fine friendly smile light up her expression to cover hurt feelings and held it until she thought her face would crack .
She did n’t have the time or wherewithal to study on him at the moment .
It was just as well he did n’t know how she was when she set her mind to something .
“ You got any objection to Maydean watching Willie - Boy and Dorie after breakfast while I check with one of them seafood houses ?
Like as not , they ’ll put me to work and I can have your seventy dollars by nightfall . ”


Mentally calculating the proposed arrangement six different ways , Gage refilled his coffee cup .
Hers was a simple request .
No short end of the stick for either of them .
“ I ’ve no objection .
But Dorie can look after herself . ”
His tone softened when he said his daughter ’s name .


“ Dorie ’s self - sufficient , all right , ” Phoebe said , being agreeable .
Lor !
The child could n’t look after herself coming or going .
Men were blind to the day - to - day responsibility of girl - child rearing .
“ I ’ll tell Maydean not to boss Dorie while I ’ m gettin ’ up your money , ” she said , which had the effect of making him scour her with another of his probing once - overs .


Emboldened by the way he was looking at her , thinking that no doubt he was noticing how fresh and neat she was of a morning , Phoebe continued .
“ I reckon I ’ll be back in time to fix you a tasty supper .
Anybody asks me , I ’ m sure gonna tell ’ em how good and kind you been to Willie - Boy , allowin ’ him to stay here and all . ”


He plonked his mug in the sink , muttered an epithet beneath his breath and went out the back door in the early dawn , work boots thudding on the porch .
On the path , he stopped for a minute , shaking his head .
He should ’ve looked at it seven different ways .
Phoebe Hawley had a tongue too clever for her head .
In less than twenty - four hours , she ’d somehow talked herself into his everyday life , not to mention his house and larder .
He was going to have to put a stop to it .


Standing behind the screen door , Phoebe watched him pause and shake his head .
She divined G . G . Morgan was awed by his good fortune and was trying to absorb it .
It was n’t every day that a man wrecked a stranger ’s truck in the morning and by nightfall found himself enjoying that same stranger ’s talent as a cook .


Somewhere over the marshy landscape , a gull squawked .
In the canal a shrimp boat was thrumming its way into the bay , lights fore , aft and on the boom sparkling like a Christmas tree .
A breeze freshened by the incoming tide swept across the yard and through the screen door .
Phoebe breathed in the smell of salt air , dank seaweed , and honeysuckle blooming at the first hint of dawn .
She wished Gage Morgan could ’ve been goaded into breakfast .
Her buttermilk biscuits were so mouth - watering Pa said even his grandma could n’t best ’ em .
But she noted it was in G . G . Morgan ’s favor that he was an early riser and did not have to be prodded to work .
That said something about a man without having to speak a word .


* * *


After breakfast , Phoebe gave Maydean a thousand orders and left the kids watching cartoons .
Before she left the property , she stopped at the end of the drive , at the mailbox .
She had n’t wanted to tell Gage her parents did n’t own a computer , so she ’d left a few coins in his desk to cover the cost of a stamp .
She tucked the letter she ’d written her ma upright in the old metal mailbox , raised the flag , and patted the old metal as if it were a pup before turning onto the sandy rutted road .
Ma would sure be happy to learn she might ’ve found them a place .


The sun was just giving the sky a good pink color by the time Phoebe approached the first of the seafood houses .
A group of women were filing through the opened door .
Phoebe got in line behind them .
A man stopped her just as she entered the building .


“ Hey !
Hold it .
Who ’re you ? ”


“ Phoebe Hawley .
I ’ m lookin ’ to pick or shuck . ”


“ Where ’d you come from ? ”


“ Gage Morgan sent me down here . ”
The man ’s name was sewn on his shirt above his pocket .
“ Gage said for me to see Hank .
You know Gage Morgan , do n’t you ? ”
Her nose was twitching .
The smell of old sea and dead seafood filled the concrete building .
Years of it .
Phoebe resisted the urge to pinch her nose .


“ Everybody knows Gage . ”


“ Well , then ? ”


“ You ever pick before ? ”


“ Sure have . ” _No sense being dicey with words_ , she thought , _or pointing out it was cotton_ .


“ You ’re not from around here . ”


_That was the trouble with small towns_ , thought Phoebe , _everybody knew everybody_ .
“ Sure ai n’t .
We came down from Cottontown .
To help Gage with Dorie and the house and all .
What with his wife dying … ”


Hank shook his head .
“ That was a tragedy , Velma drowning .
Gage took it hard . ”


“ He ai n’t recovered yet , ” said Phoebe , looking properly sad .


“ I pay per pound you shuck , not by the hour .
That satisfy you ? ”


_Why , picking crabs was just like picking cotton_ , thought Phoebe , feeling reassured .
You got paid on what you picked .
“ Yessir , I ’ m used to pound work . ”


“ Okay .
Through there .
Stout will show you where to sit . ”


Stout was just that ; she had a big square torso below a short neck that held up a round face that displayed a permanent frown crease between her brows .
Stout put Phoebe at a long metal table on which were piled hundreds and hundreds of boiled crabs , backs off .
When Phoebe sat down , she could n’t see over the mountain of seafood to the worker on the opposite side who shared the table with her .
She picked up a crab and looked at it .
It did n’t resemble any picture she ’d ever seen in National Geographic .
In the first place , it was dead .
It was n’t the kind of creature a sensible person would eat .


She got up and went around the table .
Her tablemate had a pleasant face .
Phoebe cleared her throat .
The woman looked up .
Phoebe said , “ You got children ? ”


“ Got seven . ”


“ I got two .
One ’s sick , I need money , and I ai n’t never picked a crab before in my life .
I only picked cotton and shucked corn . ”


The woman laughed .
“ Better not let Stout hear that .
You got a picker ? ”
Phoebe said no .
The woman reached into her apron pocket and handed Phoebe a set of nut pickers .
“ Use them like this . ”
She demonstrated , breaking open a crab and plucking out the meat .
“ White meat goes in the clear plastic tubs , claw in the brown .
Stout ’ll come around and collect your full tubs and give you a chit for every pound .
You turn in your chits to Hank , and he pays you at the end of the day . ”


“ What time do we get off ? ”


“ When all the crabs are picked . ”


“ Lor !
I got to be home before dinner . ”


“ You will be .
This here is a short run . ”


Phoebe could n’t imagine ever wanting to see a long run .
“ How many pounds does a good picker pick ? ” she asked .


“ The best pickers ?
Forty , fifty pounds a shift .
That ’s when the crabs are running .
You ’d better get started .
Stout ’s looking this way . ”


Phoebe learned about crabs .
Cooked , they were juicy , sticky , sharp - edged , and often hot as they came to the picking tables direct from the huge steam pots out back .
They had a sweet fishy smell that got into her head and stayed there .
No sooner was the pile down to where she could see her table mate , Essie , Stout came and dumped another huge bucket atop the table .
The crabs that fell to Phoebe seemed to get smaller , the meat more difficult to reach .
At two o’ clock , the last crab had been picked .
She turned in her chits and collected her pay .
Hank counted out the money .


“ Had an off day , did you ? ” he asked .


Phoebe listened for displeasure in his tone .
There was n’t any .
She smiled wearily .


“ I been away from pickin ’ for a while .
My fingers are rusty .
Reckon I ’ll have a better day tomorrow . ”
She folded the bills into her change purse .
It was the first money she ’d earned in weeks .
She did n’t want to have to hand it over to Gage Morgan .
That ’d just put her closer to getting out of his house .
All the way back to the junkyard she examined first one plot then another .


The only certain thought she had was that she did n’t want to look at , pick at , or smell another crab .


The house was quiet .
On the kitchen table were breakfast dishes .
Phoebe fumed .
She ’d told Maydean to wash up .
Willie - Boy was n’t in bed .
Phoebe went along the path far enough to see that the doors to the welding shed were open .
On the breeze , she could hear the ping of metal on metal .
That took care of the whereabouts of Gage Morgan .


She heard laughter and squeals .
Maydean ’s cackle .
Willie - Boy ’s yelp .
Dorie ’s laughter was more musical .
She found the youngsters lying flat out on the rickety wharf , their heads hanging over the edge .
Willie - Boy was without his shirt .
Maydean had cut off a pair of pants so short immodest parts of her were hanging out .
“ Maydean Hawley !
Is this your idea of being mindful ! ”


“ Phoebe ! ”
Maydean scrambled to her feet .
“ Look ’ it .
We ’re crabbin ’ .
Dorie showed us how .
You tie a chicken neck to a string — ”


Crabbing !
“ You wasted a good boiling chicken neck on a crab ?
Maydean , I oughta tear into you .
And Willie - Boy was supposed to stay in bed .
Throw them crabs back in the bay , ” she ordered , trying not to notice the washer tub full of the things .
“ Willie - Boy , put your shirt on . ”


“ I did n’t move much , Phoebe .
I just laid down here .
I feel fine . ”


“ I ’ m not throwing my crabs back . ”
Dorie stood by the tub .
“ Daddy likes crab gumbo .
It ’s his favorite food ever . ”


“ Did he say that ? ”


“ He said it every time my mother cooked it . ”


Phoebe was n’t of a mind to compete with a dead woman .
Neither was she of a mind to incur the displeasure of Gage Morgan .
She reckoned if he was hungry for crab gumbo …
“ Tote that tub up to the back porch then .
Maydean , you got dishes to wash .
But first you put on some decent clothes .
You ’ve ruined a fair good pair of slacks , cuttin ’ them off like that . ”


“ I ai n’t .
Everybody wears shorts like this .
If you ’d buy me a swimsuit , I wouldn ’ ta had to cut ’ em up . ”


“ I ’ m gonna buy you something , Maydean .
First loose money I get , I ’ m goin ’ to buy you a shroud .
Now get up to the house , like I said . ”


“ Since I feel so good , can I stay here and keep crabbin ’ with Dorie ? ” asked Willie - Boy .


“ Since you feel so good , I reckon you can take a swat on your behind for not mindin ’ me .
Dorie too , for coaxin ’ you outta bed . ”


“ I wish I was home with Ma . ”


“ I wish you all were home with your ma , ” said Dorie , aiming at Phoebe .
“ You ’re not my boss .
My daddy lets me do what I want . ”


“ Your daddy ai n’t got rightful sense . ”


“ I ’ m going to tell him you said that . ”


Phoebe glared at the girl .
“ I do n’t hold with tattlin ’ . ”
She also did n’t hold with smelling high , which she did .
“ I ’ m goin ’ to take a bath .
When I ’ m done , that kitchen had better be spotless . ”


* * *


Soaped from head to toe , Phoebe lay back in the big old porcelain tub figuring just how much of her money to put in Gage Morgan ’s big , greedy paw .
Like as not , he ’d want the whole lot of it .


The way to get around that was to get up some romance .
Men did n’t think straight once they were romantically inclined .
At least , her brother Joey had n’t .
Soon ’s Vinnie had her claws into him , he mooned , moped , thirsted , and went off regular meals .
All of that and the only thing Vinnie had going for her was a pair of endowments that she displayed by wearing tight shirts .


Phoebe got out of the tub , toweled off , and stared at her reflection in the steam - misted mirror hanging on the bathroom door .
She could n’t go much wrong by knowing what she had to work with — a smart woman used what was available .


Her brain was her best feature .
But it was invisible to the naked eye .
Gage Morgan did n’t appear the type to be interested in a brain .


Wet , her hair clung in tight curls to her head .
She fluffed it out .
There were those who paid money at the beauty parlor to match it in color and style .
She had it for free .
That was one good point .
Her neck was long and creamy , especially on the nape where the sun did n’t get to it .
All things considered , she had a nice neck .
That was a second good point .
Not counting her knees , her legs were shapely and strong .
That made three good points .


Phoebe ’s gaze dropped to her torso .
The only failing she had , if a body could call it such , was below her neck and above her thigh .
It ought to be a sin for a man to judge a woman by what she had or lacked , from neck bone to thighbone .


She took a big shuddering breath and began to pull on clean jeans and a faded shirt , tying the tail in a knot at her ribcage .


She pinched her cheeks to give them color .
Worrying about body parts made her less sure of herself .
She did n’t like the feeling .


In the kitchen Dorie and Maydean were playing at doing dishes .
Willie - Boy , they said , was watching TV .


On the back porch , the crabs were blowing bubbles and warring among themselves .
On the path to the welding shed , Phoebe stopped and admired a pair of gulls , wings spread wide , skimming the bay .


The seagull knew all about its life from the moment it was hatched .
Instinct told it everything it needed to know .
The bird managed life without ever having a single thought .
The closer Phoebe got to the welding shed , the harder she wished she was n’t having the thoughts she was having .
She was thinking about sex .
She had always been above such things .
Up until she laid eyes on Gage Morgan she had thought that sex was the least of it .
She foresaw now that she might have been misguided .
She wished she could n’t count every one of her ribs .


Emerging into the welding shed , Phoebe looked almost pretty .
The blouse knotted at her ribcage made a brave show ; still bath - damp , her hair was frizzed into corkscrews , her unseemly thoughts kept her cheeks pink .
Not wishing to be accused of sneaking , she hello ’d in her clear musical voice .


Gage pushed his welding goggles atop his head which had the effect of making his hair bristle wildly .
He watched Phoebe approach .
He had mixed emotions about the situation in which he found himself .
He ’d taken in and fed a stray cat or two , but taking in stray humans was altogether a different matter .
He was having trouble acknowledging that he had actually done such a thing .
But he liked having his clothes washed , his food cooked , his house cleaned , Dorie looked after and kept from pestering him .
Velma had never done that , but a man could n’t speak ill of his dead wife .
Any bad saying about Velma had to be slyly done by others , or he was put in the position of defending her .


Gage did n’t like being put into any position that cost him money or loose words either .
He leaned against the giant propeller he was repairing and waited to see which it was going to be with Phoebe Hawley .


“ I worked up a storm at the crab house , ” she said by way of greeting .
Gage looked good .
Work sweat beaded on his brow and wet his arms , highlighting the thick corded muscles .
If he was making - do with a woman , she thought , he ’d sure have to take care to be gentle .


“ Seventy dollars worth ? ”


“ You ’re a man what knows the value of a dollar , ai n’t you , Gage ? ”


“ I am .
Better than most . ”


“ I figured that .
A man owning all you do , keeping it up the way you do .
Working hard .
I said to myself , a man like Gage Morgan sure does know about a dollar . ”


Agreeing , but growing skeptical , Gage nodded .
Phoebe thrust out her hand .


“ So , here ’s a dollar on account .
That leaves me owin ’ you sixty - nine .
Pickin ’ crabs is some different from pickin ’ cotton , but I got the hang of it now .
Tomorrow I expect to double what I paid you today . ”


Surprise made a whole rush of words leap to Gage ’s tongue .
“ A dollar is all you earned today ! ”


“ Nope .
Made a tad more , but I got to keep some back for Willie - Boy ’s medicine .
Howsomever , if you want it — ” He was looking as if he did .
“ Now that I got a job , I ’ve got to find us a place to live .
That do n’t come for free .
Most folks ai n’t like you , lettin ’ me charge room and board against housework and the like . ”


“ I never said — ”


“ I know you ai n’t , ” Phoebe rushed on .
“ Most good - hearted folks find words difficult .
My ma ’s like that .
She ’d give her house over to any stranger that pecked on the door and be so overcome with pity for the poor thing , she ’d like as not speak two words from supper to bed .
I noticed last night you ’re a lot like that , ” she added , making sure the corner she butted him into did n’t have any sideways leaks .


His face was turning red .
Embarrassed , Phoebe thought , slacking up on her misdirected charm .
“ I ’ll let you get back to weldin ’ .
Seems like the kids caught enough crabs to cook up a mess of gumbo .
After it ’s to boilin ’ I thought I ’d clear out a patch behind the house for a kitchen garden .
That is , if you ai n’t got no objection .
Not that I ’d be here to see it a - growin ’ , but those potatoes I peeled yesterday had some good growing eyes .
Seems a shame to let ’ em go to waste when they ’re just itchin ’ to sprout . ”


Gage had so much objection he choked on it .
She was taking over his house , his land , his daughter , his …
He surveyed Phoebe from under half - lowered lids .
One dollar .
She thought she had the upper hand .
Thought she was fooling him .
He was smarter than she was .
He had to be .
He was a man .
A learned man , especially when it came to women .
Velma had ripped him up one side and down the other with her ways .
He had n’t balked then , but he was balking now .


“ I do n’t care if you stick peelings in the ground from here to Mobile .
What I do care about is the seventy — ”


“ Sixty - nine , ” Phoebe put in since he ’d pocketed the dollar .


“ Sixty - nine bucks you owe for denting my truck . ”


“ I guess I could give you another dollar .
Then mayhap we could call it even .
The way you weld and bang an ’ all , you could fix your truck yourself . ”


“ I aim to .
Seventy dollars ’ worth . ”


“ You sure are stuck on that figure , ” Phoebe said with malevolent geniality .
“ What ’re you gonna do , line them raggedy fenders with fur ? ”


Gage flushed darkly .
“ I know the value of a dent .
Get out of my shop .
I ’ve got a living to make .
I want you out of my house .
Taking in transients is for the Salvation Army . ”


Phoebe ’s lips went numb .


Her dream was crumbling .
She was expending energy making her chest heave and flutter and Gage Morgan was oblivious to it .
A romantic - minded man would notice , endowments or not .


“ We ai n’t transients .
You ’re holdin ’ us hostage by stealin ’ my bumper smack off my truck .
You think I like being here ?
Cleanin ’ and scrubbin ’ and cookin ’ in the middle of a junkyard !
You ’re lookin ’ at a body who was made for better things . ”


Gage snorted .
“ I ’ m looking at a body that ’d have to put on two pounds to make it as a toothpick . ”


Phoebe ’s heart tripped .
He had noticed her heaving chest — and took it wrong .
“ You ’re a vile - mouthed man , Gage Morgan .
Hell - bound , certain . ”
Oh , but she was in the company of a man who needed educating .
“ I ca n’t wait until tomorrow , ” she said , giving him a full blast of scorn .
“ I hope I make enough money to pay you triple on that blamed bumper .
But if you keep aggravatin ’ me , callin ’ me names , I ’ m liable to get on the road , bumper or no .
And if Willie - Boy goes to dyin ’ , it ’ll be on you . ”
She drew a breath to go on speaking , paused , and shut her mouth .


Gage passed a hand across his forehead , smearing the sweat and smut .
“ Willie - Boy could ’ve died all over this junkyard today .
I had to run him out of here twice .
He looks about as sick as an overfed puppy . ”


Phoebe decided she was getting used to Gage Morgan ’s good looks .
So much so she was starting to see his flaws , things about him that could irritate .
It would n’t take much for her to start thinking penny - pinching was a bad thing .
Then there were his eyebrows — they were all spiky .
Not to mention that he was using up all her good points getting her angry at him .


“ If he came in here it was to get outta the sun .
You should ’ve made him sit still instead of chasin ’ him out .
Anyway , you ca n’t see his sickness .
You got to listen for it . ”


“ What I ’ m listening for is you to say goodbye . ”


“ Hand over my bumper , and I ’ll holler it loud and clear . ”


“ I was taken to the cleaners once by a woman .
Made out a fool .
It wo n’t happen a second time .
Seventy dollars for that bumper or it can sit over there and rust to nothing . ”


“ You ’re a lucky man , ” said Phoebe , grasping the impact of what he ’d said , “ if all that keeps you from dunce and fool is seventy dollars .
I ’ll get it up , never you mind about that .
Even if I got to hang around here and put up with your un - Christian ways till doomsday . ”
Which would suit her just fine and then some .
She turned away from him and sashayed out .
Not caring if he was watching , not caring if she had yet mastered the hip rolling .


* Chapter 4 Chapter 4 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 4


Phoebe found a recipe for gumbo on a package of seasoned rice .
The good thing about cooking — or having food to cook — was that it kept the ghost of hungrier days at bay .


The bad thing about cooking was the crabs .
Live , they were more worrisome than dead because she had to dodge their snapping claws until the boiling water closed over them .
But the bounty of them , coming from the backyard , so to speak , set her to wondering if there was any money to be made crabbing .


Willie - Boy wandered into the kitchen .
“ Phoebe , my back hurts . ”
His face was flushed , his eyelids swollen .
Phoebe removed his shirt .
His back was fire red , sunburned .


“ If it ’s not one thing , it ’s ten ! ” she exclaimed , exasperated .
“ I oughta tear into Maydean and Dorie good , for lettin ’ you stay out in that sun too long . ”


“ It ’s not their fault . ”
His eyes watered .
“ I wanted to crab .
I do n’t like having to make out like I ’ m sick . ”


“ You have to do things in moderation , Willie - Boy .
Moderation .
Hours and hours in the sun ai n’t good for you . ”
She went to fill the tub with cool water and put Willie - Boy to soaking in it .
“ That ’ll take the sting out .
When you finish soaking , I ’ll make an aspirin paste to rub on your back .
You ’ll feel better by morning . ”


“ Are we gonna live here forever , Phoebe ?
I like it here .
I like Dorie , too .
She ’s nice to me . ”


“ She is ?
How so ? ”


“ She do n’t boss me like you and Maydean do .
She said she ’d teach me how to swim . ”


“ Swim !
Willie - Boy when I ai n’t around I do n’t want you gettin ’ in the water .
You even think about it and I ’ll turn your fanny the color of your back .
Now you stay in that tub until I come for you . ”


Maydean and Dorie were watching television .
Phoebe turned it off .
“ You two find a hoe .
I ’ve picked out a spot to hill up for potatoes . ”


“ I ’ m no farmer , ” said Dorie .


“ There ’s a mess of things you ai n’t , ” Phoebe retorted .
“ One of them you ai n’t , is mannerly . ”


“ I do n’t have to mind you . ”


“ Neither do I , ” said Maydean .


“ You ’re borrowin ’ bravery where there ai n’t none , Maydean .
I got the money to put you on a bus now .
Vinnie would sure be glad to have you back changin ’ diapers , washin ’ dishes , and sleepin ’ on a pallet on the floor .
You want that kind of life , you just say the word .
I marked off a patch of chickweed that I want turned under .
So what ’s it gonna be , hillin ’ potatoes or Vinnie ? ”


Maydean flounced out .


Dorie said , “ You are n’t my mother . ”


Phoebe met Dorie ’s eyes .
“ I ’ m not trying to be .
But somebody ’s got to take you in hand , teach you manners , teach you how to take care of yourself .
You do n’t even know to comb your hair in the mornin ’ or wash your face without being told . ”


“ I wish you would leave .
I do n’t like you being in my mother ’s room .
That was her special place . ”


Phoebe softened .
“ Your ma ’s special place now is in heaven .
She do n’t need that room . ”


“ It was her dreaming room .
It was where she went to get away from Daddy . ”


Phoebe had to ask .
“ Did she tell you that ? ”


“ I just knew it .
Daddy fussed at her .
At night , I could hear him . ”


At night .
There were things that went on between a man and a woman after dark that no child should know about .
Phoebe had the idea that Dorie had heard conversations she had n’t understood .
“ When your ma drowned , was she by herself ? ”


Dorie shook her head .
“ She was with a friend .
He got knocked in the head when the skiff upended .
He drowned , too .
I could ’ve saved her .
But she did n’t let me go with her . ”


The friend was a _he_ , Phoebe was thinking , summing up in her mind what Gage Morgan ’s after - dark arguments with his wife had been about .
She could n’t comprehend a woman not taking to Gage Morgan .
But who knew what went on inside a marriage .
“ Listen , Dorie , your ma ’s in heaven now .
No doubt she ’s keep in ’ an eye on you .
Do n’t you reckon she ’d like to see you brushin ’ your hair and keepin ’ your face clean , like she taught you ? ”
She kept her eyes on Dorie .


“ You think my mother is watching me ?
All the time ? ”


“ Well , mayhap not all the time .
I imagine heaven is a pretty busy place what with saintly choirs , and angels flittin ’ here and yonder .
But no doubt , the first thing your ma does when she gets up of a mornin ’ in heaven is look down to see if your face is clean and your hair is brushed . ”
She watched Dorie pondering the idea .


“ Can my mother hear me if I talk to her ? ”


“ I ai n’t sure about that .
Let me think on it .
Right now , I got to get Willie - Boy outta the tub . ”


She also had a whole wealth of other things to think on .
She ’d been taking Gage Morgan ’s animosity personal .
His digs at her about being womanly — why that was on account of his own wife stepping out on him .
That put a different slant on things .


Most likely , Gage wanted to get romantic , but cuckolded as he ’d been , he did n’t trust a woman .
His man - ego was bruised terrible .
Throughout the remainder of the afternoon , Phoebe figured and figured , looking for a solution around a disloyal wife who was dead and buried .


Considering how little attention she paid it , the gumbo turned out tasty .
She made cornbread , bread pudding , and iced tea to wash it all down .
Willie - Boy was too miserable to sup at the table .
She fed him from a tray and left him lying on his stomach , arms and legs stretched out , like an unpapered kite .


Dorie and Maydean were still at the dining table when Gage came in from the shed .
He washed up and took his place .
Silently , Phoebe placed food before him .
He was taking to her serving him as if it was the most ordinary of things .
Routine .
That was a good sign .
He spoke once to Dorie about the crab catch .
Phoebe caught Maydean faking manners and trying to get his attention with puckered lips .


“ Dorie , if you and Maydean want to watch Wheel of Fortune on TV , you can take your pudding in the living room , that is , if your pa do n’t have no objection . ”


Mouth full of buttered cornbread , Gage shook his head .


“ I ’ m fine where I am , ” said Maydean , sugarcoating the words .


Phoebe bent low and hissed in her ear , “ You ai n’t fine .
And you ’re gonna get worse soon ’s I get you alone . ”


Scowling hard , she shoved a bowl of pudding at Maydean .
Once the girls left the kitchen , Phoebe made herself a glass of tea and sat down opposite Gage .
The solution to Gage Morgan was crystal clear .
She knew just how to ease his mind about herself , but it had to be done in a roundabout way .


“ I do n’t like anybody staring at me while I ’ m eating , ” he said .


A hot cloud grazed Phoebe ’s eyelids .
“ I ai n’t starin ’ .
I ’ m admirin ’ , ” she said brazenly .


Gage gave her an icy glare .
“ You ca n’t soften me up .
I ’ m not the kind of man that ’d take a pound of flesh for what ’s owed me .
Even if it was offered by a woman who could spare it . ”


Phoebe ’s gall rose .
She swallowed it back .
“ I ai n’t offerin ’ you anything .
And I do n’t need your permission to admire a thing or not .
Howsomever , you ’ve been misinformed by somebody .
Your looks ai n’t nothin ’ special to draw the eye .
I was admirin ’ the manners you have . ”


His cynicism was expressed in one dark spiky eyebrow , arched as if it ’d been plucked to appear that way .


“ Day after tomorrow is Sunday .
We Hawleys are church - goin ’ .
I was just wonderin ’ if you know of a good Baptist church hereabouts .
One that ’s right strict and preaches damnation against fornication .
I ai n’t for loose fornicators . ”


His cynical expression faded , replaced by — Phoebe could n’t put a name to what replaced it .
She felt her heart compress uneasily .
He was n’t taking to her solution right .


“ Who the hell do you think you are ?
To come into my home and pass judgment . ”


Phoebe was thunderstruck .
“ Are you a fornicator ? ”


“ Do n’t try to cover up what you meant , ” he sneered .
“ You gossiped at the crab house about Velma .
My wife is dead , and I wo n’t hear bad talk about her .
Not in this house .
Now you get your things — your brother and sister — and get out . ”


_Lost !
Everything lost_ .


Phoebe tried to speak and could n’t .
Blood drained from her face , the paleness having the effect of making her eyes seem to take up her whole face .
Her legs were trembling , so she feared they would n’t hold straight to take her into the living room to call Maydean or to the bedroom for Willie - Boy .


“ What ’s wrong ? ”
Maydean asked .


“ Start packin ’ , ” Phoebe said .


“ You got us throwed out !
I knew it would happen .
You ’re so mean - mouthed . ”


Willie - Boy was whimpering .
“ I hurt so bad , Phoebe .
I feel like I ’ m on fire . ”


“ I got to wrap you in a blanket .
I ’ll fix you in a nice pallet in the back of the truck . ”


“ Do n’t touch me , Phoebe .
I ca n’t stand it . ”


She wrapped him and picked him up .
He cried , great gulping pain - filled sobs .


“ Hush now . Hush . ” Phoebe carried him back through the house , the kitchen , ignoring Gage who was standing at the sink .
She pushed the screen door open with her hip .


In the truck bed she made Willie - Boy as comfortable as she could .
Maydean was sniffling .
Phoebe felt she was close to tears herself .
“ You stay in the back with Willie - Boy .
I got to get my change purse and the keys . ”


Gage accosted her as soon as she was inside the kitchen door .
“ What ’s wrong with the boy ? ”


“ Nothing , ” she said stiffly as she passed on by , went into the bedroom , checking for left - behind belongings , and retrieving her purse from beneath the mattress .
Gage blocked her passage from the bedroom .


“ You ca n’t get far without a tag . ”


“ What business is it of yours ?
Move outta my way .
I take back what I said about admirin ’ your manners .
You ai n’t nothin ’ but a arrogance - filled bully .
I ai n’t of a mind to stay in a house with a man who misdirects everything that ’s said to his own cause . ”


“ It ’ll be dark in two hours .
Where ’re you going to sleep , put up for the night ? ”


_A rest stop beside a highway_ , Phoebe thought , heartsick , _or a side road somewhere that was dark and scary_ .
“ I ’ll make do .
Hawleys have been makin ’ do for better ’ n two - hundred years .
We ’re good at it .
It ’s none of your worry . ”
She tried to push past him .
The length of her brushed him .
An odd restlessness shot up her spine , making her scalp tingle .
She looked up at Gage .
His face was expressionless .


“ I know it ’s none of my worry .
I do n’t know why I am worried .
I did n’t mean you had to leave tonight . ”


“ You did so . ”


“ Well , now I ’ m saying wait until morning . ”


“ No sense to that .
We ’re packed up now .
Packin ’ and unpackin ’ do n’t suit me .
I like to get where I ’ m goin ’ and stay put .
I thank you for your hospitality , what little there was of it .
When I get the money up I owe you , I ’ll stop by . ”
The soap and man smell of him filled her nostrils undermining her strength of purpose .


“ You ’re cutting off your nose to spite your face .
You do n’t have any place to run to , and you know it . ”


“ You ca n’t have it both ways , wantin ’ me to stay and wantin ’ me to leave .
I did n’t make a comment to insult your dead wife .
I was just lettin ’ you know I do n’t hold with un - Christian ways . ”


“ I realize that .
I flew off the handle , ” he said , hearing himself allude to an apology he had no conscious intention of making .
She was somehow digging into the silent space of his soul .
More than that … incredibly , he felt his body reacting to her .
He discounted the sudden tightness in his groin .
There was n’t a handful of flesh on her .
And he was a man who liked his pound of flesh .


“ ’ Scuse me , ” Phoebe said , escaping the room and his closeness .
The ripple in her body put her at sixes and sevens .
She was talking Christian and thinking devil .
Gage stayed on her heels all the way to the truck .


He peeled the blanket away from a whimpering Willie - Boy and winced .
“ You ca n’t go off half - cocked with the boy burned like that . ”
He turned and faced Phoebe .
“ You ’re earning your keep .
You can stay until you can find a place of your own . ”


Phoebe chewed her lip .
“ I hate to eat crow worse than I hate burnt toast . ”


“ Must be that Hawley pride you ’re always boasting of .
Anyway , you ’re too good a cook to burn toast . ”
He signaled Willie - Boy .
“ Haul yourself over here , son .
I ’ll carry you back to bed . ”


Like a deer alert to every nuance in the forest , every shift in wind , Phoebe was struck with the metamorphosis in Gage .
It had n’t occurred to her that he actually might be good and kind without prodding , or display a tenderness , which he did in the manner he lifted Willie - Boy .
She ’d judged him on callouses , purse strings , bone , and sinew .
Now she had a different aspect of him to explore — different and confusing .


Maydean scrambled down from the truck bed .
“ What made him change his mind ? ”


“ Goodness begets goodness , ” said Phoebe , giving the only answer that arose out of her confused thoughts .
“ Get back here , Maydean .
Tote that suitcase . ”


“ Meanness begets meanness , ” Maydean huffed .


“ I ’ m gonna save you from yourself , Maydean .
After you go to sleep tonight , I ’ m goin ’ to pluck out every dern one of your eyelashes .
Save you from the sin of flutterin ’ them at every man and boy you meet . ”


* * *


Phoebe soothed Willie - Boy , gave him tea , and unpacked — for the last time , she hoped , if she had any say in it .
It looked as if she might .


The kitchen needed straightening ; she went to do it .
Gage had pushed aside dishes and had ledgers spread out .
“ Ca n’t do my book work in the living room with the TV blaring , ” he volunteered .


“ I can run those girls outside till full dark if you want me to , ” Phoebe said , keeping her tone neutral .


He shook his head .
“ Not necessary . ”


The way he was looking at her , talking to her , made the rippling start up again .
Phoebe rippled all over .
She felt it in her legs , her stomach .
It felt good .
There was a subtle change in the climate between them .
While she did the dishes , swept the floor , and rinsed out the dishcloths , she tried to fathom the nature of the change .
Now and again , out of the corner of her eye , she caught him tracking her .
The rippling got more intense .


She was finished in the kitchen , but she did n’t want to leave the room .
She made two glasses of iced tea , put one before Gage , and sat at the opposite end of the table .
The sun sent a few stray fingers of gold through the window .
In the dancing rays , Phoebe ’s hair seemed to take on a life of its own , not unattractive .


“ You change , ” Gage observed .


The rippling had got up to her throat and made it dry .
She took a sip of tea .
“ I seem the same all the time to me . ”


“ When you ’re not leading with your chin and barking orders , you look nice . ”


Coy blushing was n’t in Phoebe ’s nature .
When she got mad , her face got red , but pure - out blushing , a warmth that spread from bosom to forehead was a new experience .
She suffered it now .
No one in the whole world had ever said she looked nice .
She could n’t cope with it .
“ The first time I laid eyes on you , I thought to myself you had a good straight nose and … and … tidily cut hair . ”


Gage smiled .
“ I had just come from the barbershop .
But looks do n’t count for everything . ”


Phoebe was electrified .
“ You think that , too ? ”


“ I know from experience . ”


“ Me , too , brains is where it ’s at .
Brains and a strong back .
I got both . ”


“ Brains , a strong back , and maybe a bit of cunning , you mean . ”


His sarcasm was light , but there all the same .
Things were going too well to bite on it .
Phoebe took another sip of tea .
All sorts of ideas were racing through her head .
Ideas like how she might do her hair to keep it from being so flyaway , ideas like maybe stuffing her bra with toilet paper to get a better shape .
She discounted the last as a waste of a necessary item , but held her head up high so her neck might be in his full view .
Gage took out a pocket knife and began to sharpen a pencil .


His fingers were thick , strong , and nimble .
Phoebe imagined his hands on her , but could n’t figure a placement that pleased her that was n’t unseemly .
“ I got to bunk down somewhere else tonight , ” she advanced .


He looked up .
A glaze , heightened by an inner chaos , lay on his dark eyes .
“ I ’ m not taking you into my bed .
That ’s not what I was leading up to , not why I said you could stay . ”


Indignant , Phoebe ’s flashing eyes ignited .
“ I never had such an evil thought ! ”
Well , maybe her mind was skittering up to it in a roundabout way — sideways .
“ Willie - Boy has got to sleep spread - eagle .
There ai n’t room in that bed for him and me and Maydean .
I was aimin ’ to ask if I could bunk in one of them other rooms or on the sofa . ”


“ Suit yourself , ” he said dryly , sounding as if he did n’t believe her protests .


“ I aim to . ”
Phoebe could feel herself getting all fired up .
The good rippling sensation shrank to the size of a pea .
The skittering in her brain came to a dead stop .
Abruptly , Gage stood up .


“ I ’ m going out . ”


Phoebe wanted to ask where so badly she had to clench her jaws to keep the question from flying out .
_Going to drink ?
To get a woman ? _
He was fair stirred up .
She could sense it .


“ I ’ll see to Dorie , ” she said with a dragging heart .
She listened for his truck motor .
When the sound faded , she moved about the house with the quiet sobriety of a person attending a wake .
She seldom allowed herself to feel down - spirited for long .
If it got to be a habit , that ’s where a body stayed .
Down .
But she could n’t seem to pull herself up .


Halfheartedly , she inspected the rooms along the side hall .
In addition to the room she shared with Willie - Boy and Maydean , were Dorie ’s room , two large hall closets bracketing the bathroom , two more fine - sized bedrooms , packed rat - like with all sorts of furniture and debris .
Last was Gage ’s room .
Phoebe put her hand on the doorknob .


It would n’t hurt to have just a quick peek .
Most likely , his bedding needed changing , clothes hung .
Men were notorious about keeping up .
She looked in .


The huge bed was the focus of the room and neatly made with several pillows leaning upright against the leather headboard .
Probably special - made , Phoebe thought , to accommodate his huge frame .
Why , she would n’t take up hardly a speck of room in that big old bed .
That is , if it came to sharing — not that she would , but if .


An air conditioner framed in a window hummed on low .
Phoebe stood in front of it , reveling in the cooling air .
Lor !
The man liked his luxury .
She opened the closet .
The faint smell of scent and man rushed at her .
She ran her hand along hangers .
Not a single garment belonged to a woman .
He ’d cleared out all evidence of Velma except gossip .
Somehow , it did n’t seem fitting .
There was n’t even a photograph on the dresser or on the walls .
She pulled out a dresser drawer .
Socks and underwear .
No hair ties , no half - used lipstick tubes , no nail polish .
She searched into the depths of the drawer and found a small flat box .


Phoebe opened it , backed up and sat on the edge of the bed .
There were baby pictures of Dorie , a lock of hair clumsily tied with pink ribbon , two baby teeth wrapped in tissue .
Gage ’s love of Dorie must ’ve caused him to attend to these small items .
But hate or an emotion as strong , had erased Velma Morgan with meticulous care .


Why , years and years after Grandma Hawley had died , they were still finding her things lying about , a knitting needle in a chair cushion , her long hairpins and wire combs on the dresser , a lace collar in the bottom of the ironing basket .
Each finding had caused a remembrance , a memory portrait .
Phoebe looked around the room .
It was sterile of a woman .
The man wanted no remembrance .
To Phoebe ’s way of thinking , that was n’t healthy , not for Gage and not for Dorie .
She spent another few minutes on the riddle of Gage Morgan , then roused herself to clear off a bed in one of the spare rooms .


Later , long after the house was quiet , Phoebe heard the back screen door slam , Gage thumping down the hall .
She turned over and went to sleep .


* Chapter 5 Chapter 5 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 5


Phoebe was awake and dressed before anyone else in the house stirred .
She counted herself as reasonable as the next person , but this morning she felt hostile .
She ’d worked it out .
Gage Morgan had allowed her to stay in his house with a grudging spirit .
After which , he ’d taken himself off to drink or lollydab with a woman .
Phoebe could n’t decide which was the worst offense to her nature : whiskey or loose women or the man who indulged in either .


The facts stuck out for themselves .
She ’d lain awake half the night worrying about him , wondering who he was with and suffering stabs of jealousy .
No doubt , a single stab was enough to turn her soul black with sin .
Gage Morgan ought to pay for darkening her soul .
He sure should .
Atop that , here she was out of the kindness of her heart making a drudge of herself for a man who did n’t care whether she lived or died .


While brewing coffee , Phoebe rattled pots , slammed cupboards , and banged the wooden back door open to allow in the fresh morning breeze .
She crept down the hall and listened .
No one had awakened , especially the person on whom she wished to vent her spleen .
He was no doubt lying in his big old bed , snoring away .
Her hostility thickened .


Taking the mop out of the pantry she shoved it across the floor .
At the comer of Gage ’s bedroom , she became more vigorous , shoving the mop so hard to and fro that the handle bumped and scraped his wall .
For good measure , she thumped his bedroom door two hard licks .
She heard him snort and growl , heard his feet slap the floor .


Phoebe girded herself for battle .


His door opened .
He stood there buttoning his pants , his chest bare , his hair awry , his beard stubble dark , and his bloodshot eyes narrowed to slits .


“ What in hell is going on ? ”


Oh , but he had leftover sin written all over him .
Phoebe fixed him with a cold condemning eye .
“ I was just gettin ’ the damp mopping outta the way afore the kids got up . ”
She sugarcoated every angry word .


“ At five - thirty in the damned morning ? ”


“ I got to be at the crab house by eight .
Just wanted to make sure I earn my keep here , afore I go .
Like as not if I did n’t , soon ’s I got back you ’d be threatenin ’ to throw us out again .
I ca n’t worry about that while I ’ m out makin ’ the money I owe you . ”
She did n’t mean for it to , but her gaze seemed of its own accord to latch onto the spread of dark hair on his chest .
Her eyes followed as it thinned and trailed down into his pants .


He muttered a low oath .
“ You ’re another one .
Damn it to hell . ”


“ Another one , what ? ”


“ Nag . ”


Phoebe turned pale .
“ You like callin ’ people names , do n’t you ? ”


“ I got a good name for anybody who wakes me up as rudely as you just did . ”


“ Well , I ’ m sorry .
I did n’t know you were still abed .
How could I ?
Your door was closed .
I ca n’t see through doors . ”


“ I ’ll tell you what I see .
You woke me up on purpose .
I can see that . ”


“ Do n’t know how you can see anything with them whiskey - coated eyes , ” scoffed Phoebe , nit - picking as far as she dared .


“ I can see all right .
I can see your chin coming at me .
Keep it coming , ” he jeered .
“ Pretty soon you ’ll stab me to death .
Maybe then I ’ll get my sleep out . ”


“ Wo n’t , ” she returned petulantly .
“ I ai n’t of a mind to bleed whiskey all over a floor I just mopped . ”


“ Listen here , woman , ” Gage ground out , “ if I want to have a drink , I ’ll have it .
You keep your long nose out of my business . ”


It was wrong , of course , to enjoy quarreling .
However , Phoebe did feel … satisfied .
Yes , she did , wonderfully satisfied .
She drew her chin back and sniffed .
“ Get back in bed if you want to .
Stay there and be vile - tempered all day for all I care .
I got breakfast to cook . ”


“ This is the thanks I get for opening my home to a bunch of road ticks , ” he aimed at her departing back .
“ If I had any sense I ’d let you take your bumper and be gone . ”


Phoebe felt her heart stop .
On no account did she want him worrying on that notion and laying waste to the rest of her life .
“ I got my pride , ” she shot over her shoulder .
“ I ai n’t touchin ’ that bumper till I got you paid off .
I told you , Hawleys do n’t take charity . ”


* * *


“ Hawleys do n’t take charity , ” Gage mimicked dourly , stalking into the bathroom to wash his face and brush his teeth .
The mirror over the sink returned his image .
He made a fierce face .
Hawley pride .
Phoebe made it sound like something packaged in red , white , and blue .
The skinny stick !
She was driving him batty .
She almost made him feel like he ought to apologize for going out and having a few beers .
It was the stupidest idea he ’d had in weeks .


The second stupidest .
The first was thinking it would do no harm to let Phoebe Hawley in the door .
He should ’ve known she ’d make a general nuisance of herself .


To his way of thinking a woman ought to just go about her homemaking business and leave a man do what he had to do .
The problem as he saw it was that this was his home and Phoebe Hawley was going about homemaking duties when she had no right to them .
He ’d clear up on that point , pronto .


In the kitchen , Phoebe poured coffee and while it cooled watched the dawn coming , rising bright and many - colored above the horizon .
As if brushing a blank canvas , pink rays slanted across the yard painting the old coop silver and crept onto the porch with nary a shadow .
Phoebe filled in the picture with Erlene feeding chickens , Ma hoeing the garden , and Pa rocking to and fro on the porch , Willie - Boy on his lap .


Now she understood why Ma sometimes got riled at Pa over the silliest of things .
A body had to have a go at what was unimportant , because she could n’t always speak of innermost feelings .
Maybe a body never could talk secrets to a man .
Phoebe did n’t like the idea of secrets .
When she got herself a man — and she meant to have the one that owned this house — she aimed only to serve up truth .


On the other hand , as testy as he got , if she were to mention she planned to spend the rest of her life with him , sleep in his bed , bear his children , he ’d probably faint dead away .
Men , and she included Gage among them , did n’t like to be defeated with love .
It was better to let a man think he was coming up on the idea by himself .
Whether he toppled slow or fast did n’t make no never mind .
She ’d just help out with a hint now and again .


She ran a forefinger down her nose .
It was n’t long .
It was a good nose .
Whiskey sure distorted a man ’s vision .


As if she ’d willed it , the man of her heart and impressive callouses , came into the kitchen .
He was unshaven , dressed for the welding shed and cutting grim looks at her .
With good cheer and a steady hand , she poured his coffee .


“ Even if you are a grouch of a mornin ’ , I like it here , ” she said , watching to see how her first hint went over .


“ I do n’t want to hear it . ”


Phoebe went from rapture to rancor .
“ Drink affect your ears like it does your eyes ? ”


“ My personal life is none of your affair .
Do n’t try making it so .
And do n’t get to liking it here too much .
The backside of you is what I ’d like to see . ”


“ My backside ? ”
Her brows shot up .
“ I thought you liked women that run to fat . ”


Gage sat there , staring at her , eyes glinty , face pinched .
“ I ca n’t stand much more of this .
Or you . ”


“ I was makin ’ a joke . ”
She turned slightly , giving him the view and opportunity to change his opinion about her nose .


“ You ’re witty all right , ” he said , still watching her , noting a soft smile had transformed her clever face .
It highlighted a fine - boned slenderness .
“ I ’ m laughing so hard my ribs hurt . ”


He blew on his coffee and took a tentative sip .


“ Liquor sure turns you into a sour man of a mornin ’ .
Makes you blind , too . ”
Hints aside , that was one truth in the open between them .
And because she wanted another , she had to ask , “ Did you get yourself a woman last night ? ”


Gage choked .
Phoebe pounded him on his back .
Pounded and measured the width of it .
Heat seemed to radiate through her skin .
“ You all right , now ? ”
The backs of his ears were turning pink as newborn flesh .


“ Oh , I ’ m just fine . ”
Abruptly he moved away from her , heading out the back door .


“ Say !
Do n’t you want breakfast … ?
Guess you do n’t , ” she muttered as he disappeared behind the pile of old tires .


She stirred grits into boiling water and wondered about his ears going pink .
Some men were shy about women , being all talk and no actual activity . ”
Gage must be that way .
With a man like that , a woman had a lot of leeway .


* * *


“ You look nice and spritely , ” Phoebe said to Dorie when the child took her place at the table .


“ Maydean helped me get the tangles out .
You sure my mother can see me all the way from heaven ? ”


“ Like as not she can , ” Phoebe allowed .
“ I wo n’t know for sure until I get there myself . ”
She put a platter of eggs and buttered grits on the table .


“ You aiming to traipse off to heaven real soon ? ”
Maydean asked snidely .


“ You know the trouble with you , Maydean ?
You ’re all mouth .
Hush up , and use it to eat . ”


Willie - Boy was at the table , too , feeling better but popping out all over in blisters .
“ What am I gonna do all day while you ’re at work , Phoebe ? ”


“ Watch TV and color .
You be nice and Dorie might give you a page outta her colorin ’ book . ”


“ I ’ll give him two pages if he does n’t try to follow me and Maydean around like he did yesterday . ”


“ Follow you around where ?
Besides crabbin ’ ? ”


“ Around the junkyard , we tried to play teenagers and he kept butting in . ”


Phoebe slanted a look at Dorie .
“ How do you play teenagers ? ”


“ I get to be sixteen and Maydean plays eighteen .
When somebody comes to buy something from Daddy , we put our hands on our hips and look like this . ”
Dorie fluttered her lashes and thrust out her lower lip .


Phoebe glanced hard at Maydean .
“ Is that right ? ”


Maydean shrugged .
“ It ’s just a game . ”


“ Well , today , you just better play dead , ‘ cause that ’s what you ’re gonna be if I hear tell of this game again . ”


“ It was fun , ” said Dorie .
“ We pretended we put on makeup and everything . ”


“ Maydean ca n’t play teenager today .
She has to iron . ”


“ I hate ironin ’ .
It ’s too hot . ”


Phoebe gave her sister a warning glance .
“ You iron up our Sunday clothes and a dress for Dorie , too .
In case she wants to go with us come Sunday .
That ’s my final word . ”


“ I do n’t know where I can find an iron and ironin ’ board . ”


“ I ’ll show you , ” offered Dorie .
“ I like going to Sunday school .
My daddy used to take me . ”


“ Used to ?
He do n’t anymore ? ”


“ After mother died , he said God did him in .
He wo n’t go anymore . ”


God did him in !
For shame , Phoebe thought .
It was Velma Morgan who did all the doing , but she could n’t say that to the dead woman ’s daughter .
Another cross to bear .


On the other hand , it was nice to know that Gage had a Christian streak in him .
Looking at him , she never would ’ve guessed it .
Looking at him …
She recalled him standing on the threshold of his bedroom .
She felt an enchanting quickening of her pulse .
It made her feel good all over .


As the sun ’s morning warmth fingered the junkyard , Phoebe gave out last - minute instructions to Maydean before she left for the crab house , mostly dire warnings and threats .
But she satisfied herself that Maydean would keep a close eye on Willie - Boy and Dorie .
“ If y ’ all need a snack afore I get home , finish off that gumbo . ”


Once she was outside , Phoebe walked backward a few steps , keeping the house , the ragtag fence , and unkempt yard in view .
Her heart swelled .
Lor , but it was wonderful to have a place to call her own — almost .


“ Watch out ! ”


A hand reached out to grab her arm before she tumbled backward over an old piece of iron bedstead .
Then the hand released her as if it ’d touched fire .


“ I thought you went to the weldin ’ shed , ” Phoebe accused .


“ I did , but I had to open the gate .
Damn !
Why am I explaining to you ? ”


“ Maybe you like explainin ’ , ” she threw at him with a puritanical glare .
“ Maybe you ought to go finish your coffee .
Maybe your mind is still muddled from liquor .
Maybe you ought to clear out this front area afore a body comes along and breaks a leg and sues the pants off you . ”
She rubbed her arm where he ’d grasped her .


He stiffened .
“ That ’s how your mind works , eh ?
Always hinting about suing decent folks .
Maybe you ought to watch where you ’re going ?
Maybe you ought to just go , period . ”


“ Aim to , ” Phoebe said before she pushed him beyond redemption .
She scurried out the gate to work , leaving him standing like an unbending board .


The hairs on her neck prickled .
He was watching her no doubt .
There was no sense attempting the hip - swaying .
The mood he was in would leave the attempt wasted .
She was going to have to do something about his attitude .
Gage Morgan was getting less friendly by the hour .


At the crab house , she slipped into her chair and nodded to Essie .
Stout piled crabs in front of her , and Phoebe began picking .
The crabs got smaller and smaller , harder to pick .
It took longer to get up a pound .
When Stout brought another batch of crabs , even smaller , Phoebe complained .


“ Hey .
I want some of them big ones .
I ca n’t make no money tryin ’ to pull meat outta these bitty things . ”


“ Last hired gets the littlest .
Ai n’t fair to the other pickers to give you the best . ”


“ How long does a body have to work here afore she gets the big ones ? ”


“ Years , ” smirked Stout .


_This is my last day of crab picking , _ Phoebe thought _._


At one o’ clock , all the crabs had been picked .
Phoebe collected barely as much as a day ’s wage of cotton picking .
That amount would n’t pay for her and her family a home .
While Hank was counting out the money she asked , “ Who all do you buy crabs from ? ”


“ Anybody who wants to sell ’ em , as long as I get the entire catch .
I do n’t hold with a crabber skimming off the number one shippers and trying to pawn off seconds on me . ”


“ If I was to bring you a batch of crabs , you ’d buy ’ em ? ”


“ You going into the crab business regular ? ”


“ Plannin ’ on it . ”


“ Well , ice ’ em down and truck ’ em to the back door .
I do n’t pick up at the docks . ”


“ I ’ll truck ’ em , ” said Phoebe .
She returned Essie ’s tools .
“ Thank you for the loanin ’ .
If I stayed , I ’ m liable to use these on Stout . ”


Essie grinned .
“ Been many a day the rest of us had the same notion .
Your boy got okay then ? ”


“ He ’s better , ” Phoebe acknowledged .


“ You planning on staying in Bayou La Batre ? ”


“ For the rest of my life , ” Phoebe said with feeling , waving and turning away .


“ Then I ’ m sure to see you around , ” Essie called , “ Maybe at church . ”


Phoebe stopped .
“ You go to a good one ? ”


“ We like it .
And there ’s good programs for the kids winter and summer .
Ai n’t a big church though , workin ’ folks if you know what I mean .
We got a hand clappin ’ , fiddlin ’ gospel choir , but ai n’t got a single member what wears a fur . ”
She gave Phoebe directions to the church .


Phoebe strolled back to the junkyard stepping lively and high of spirit .


She ’d made a new friend and had been invited to church .
The gospel singing intrigued her .
Maydean had a good voice .
If she could get the twelve - year - old interested in music , mayhap it ’d take her mind off boys .


She ’d decided to go into business for herself and had a buyer for her crabs — that is , once she learned how to catch the dern things .
Like as not by the time Ma and Pa and Erlene got here she ’d be well established in business for herself .


The only thing out of whack was that Ma would certainly look askance at her Phoebe being under the same roof as a man without there being an understanding between them .


Phoebe pondered achieving an understanding with a man who had misunderstanding seeping from his pores at every word or gesture .
It was as worrisome as trying to make a living .
She knew what it would take : out and out seduction .
Lor !
What she knew for certain about seducing a man would fit on the head of a pin with room to spare .
But she knew a woman had to use her body .
Maybe even get naked .


Phoebe pictured herself naked , saw her ribs , her knees .


Better to think about the crab business , she decided .
Still , all the way back to the junkyard , she practiced a hip - swaying walk .


* * *


The ironing board was standing foursquare in the middle of the kitchen with Sunday clothes piled atop it un - ironed .
There was no sign of Maydean , Dorie , or Willie - Boy .
Phoebe washed her face and hands at the sink then went to hunt them up .
Maydean and Dorie were in the rusted - out shell of a car , Dorie behind the wheel , Maydean lurking at the mirror .
Naturally .
Phoebe ’s exasperation peaked .


“ Where ’s Willie - Boy and why ai n’t you got the clothes sprinkled down ? ”


Maydean jerked .
“ How come you ’re home so early ? ”


“ Because I ca n’t trust you to do as you ’re told around a corner , that ’s why .
Where ’s your brother ? ”


Maydean sniffed .
“ In the welding shed with Gage .
He — ”


“ Oh , Lor ! ”


Phoebe entered the welding shed with a stone - quiet face of resignation certain she marched to disaster .
She discovered nothing so cataclysmic as Gage grousing and running roughshod over Willie - Boy , for Willie - Boy was sitting on a stool and Gage was explaining the workings of a propeller .
In her first start of surprise she did n’t speak .


Willie - Boy caught sight of her and began talking rapidly .
“ I ’ m learning , Phoebe .
Mr .
Gage is teachin ’ me all about propellers .
When I grow up , I ’ll have a trade .
Pa said I was to have a trade and — ”


“ That ’s nice , ” she replied warily .
“ But you ’re not supposed to be in here pestering Gage .
He do n’t like to be bothered while he ’s working . ”


“ I ’ m not pestering , I ’ m — ”


“ The boy ’s okay , ” Gage said , acknowledging Phoebe ’s presence , but only just .
After slanting a glance at her , he turned back to polishing the giant blades .


All through her body Phoebe had a sense of good things , a feeling that life was pleasant and easy .
Mayhap she would n’t have to get naked to do her seducing .
Gage ’s attitude seemed to have improved all by itself .
Outside of threatening her with eviction , indulging in drink , and being only somewhat God - fearing , he seemed to have a good streak in him .


“ I told Maydean to watch Willie - Boy .
She should ’ve . ”


“ She was pickin ’ on me . Mr . Gage said I could sit a spell with him .
He said if I was to get out in the sun , you ’d start up naggin ’ at him again , but I told him you was n’t mostly a nag , are you , Phoebe ?
It was only ‘ cause you ’re worried ‘ cause Ma told you to find us a place ‘ cause Aunt Vinnie is so mean to us .
Ai n’t that right ? ”


Phoebe ’s heart began to pound mightily .
Lor !
If Gage got it in his mind that there were more Hawleys yet to come she _would_ have to do naked seduction .
She could n’t think of anything else that ’d undo all the damage Willie - Boy had done in his five - year - old innocence .
Gage ’s profile was clear in her view .
One whole side of his face was a smirk .
Well , she could undo that without seduction .
She reached into her change purse and withdrew three one - dollar bills .


“ I told you I ’d triple what I paid you yesterday .
Here it is . ”
She thrust the cash toward him , satisfied when the smirk diminished .
He accepted the money .
_One thing about Gage Morgan , _ Phoebe thought , _he did n’t sneer at money_ .
Still , there was enough snideness left in his expression that she felt obliged to add , “ Hope you do n’t go wastin ’ that on drink .
I worked hard to get it . ”


His jaw worked .
“ I spend my money the way I want .
Though I suspect any man who hangs around you long enough is bound to end up a drunkard . ”


Phoebe ’s jaw began to inch up .


“ I got to go to the bathroom , ” said Willie - Boy , slipping from the stool and hurrying out .


“ I suspect you had a weakness for whiskey long before we met , Gage Morgan .
Do n’t go blamin ’ it on me . ”


“ I suspect you could make a living nagging the fur off a cat . ”


“ Oh , I ’ m gonna make a livin ’ all right .
At crabbin ’ .
Put that in your pipe and smoke it . ”


Gage smoked it .
His mouth shaped a derisive grin .
“ Got fired at the crab house ?
Told Hank how to run his business , did you ? ”


Phoebe could see in his eyes , in his expression how he was making himself believe she ’d had a comeuppance .
She lifted her head with regal forbearance .
“ I resigned .
I ’ m goin ’ into business for myself .
Come Monday , I ’ll triple again what I paid you today . ”


Gage scoffed .
“ Going into business for yourself ?
Well , good , glad to hear it .
That ’ll improve my chances of collecting the debt you owe me .
The way you ’re paying now , I wo n’t be rid of you until the end of the next century . ”


Phoebe ’s chin kept inching outward .
“ I got your number , mister .
You think I do n’t have brains to see it , but I do .
You ’ve been savin ’ up your grousin ’ since your wife died .
Savin ’ it up and just waitin ’ for somebody you could bully .
You picked the wrong body .
I can give as good as I get . ”


“ No man in his right mind would pick your body .
Hah ! ”


Phoebe stepped into his space and the pleasant man - smell of shop oil , sweat , and soap filled her head with unnerving images that defied description .
She determined to call them up and name them when she was alone and could study on it .
The urgent task was to get Gage off the track of flesh and get him on track to his purse strings .


“ You got that wrong , G . G . Morgan .
This body works .
Every single part .
A man in his right mind would appreciate that .
He would n’t be worried about what sticks out or what ’s covered up .
A right - thinking man appreciates plumbing that works , figurin ’ a healthy woman costs less .
I got energy .
I got enthusiasm .
I got health .
The man that gets me ai n’t never gonna have to pay for medicine and doctors .
Moreover , I ai n’t got a cavity , not one . See . ” Phoebe opened her mouth wide so he could see every gleaming tooth , and all the way down her gullet if his eyesight was regular .


What Gage saw were dark green eyes with little lights behind them .
Surprisingly sharp - colored for one so fair .
“ Get out of my face . ”
His voice held a slight huskiness .


Phoebe tossed her wealth of curls like a bright - crested bird preening feathers .


“ Bloodshot and blind of eye .
That ’s you , Gage Morgan .
So you can just quit makin ’ vile references to my body parts .
You ’re just tryin ’ to make yourself out better ’ n other folks .
Well , you ai n’t .
All you are is a man livin ’ smack dab in the middle of junk .
You ai n’t even got the price of pride enough to keep up your yard .
It ai n’t been mowed or swept since who knows when .


“ A smart man , which you ai n’t , would sure keep his property tidy so as to increase its value .


“ A smart man , which you ai n’t , would keep his eye on Phoebe Hawley , ‘ cause I ’ m goin ’ to be somebody .
I ’ m goin ’ to be a woman in business for herself .
With a fat purse . ”
It sounded like boasting , but Phoebe did n’t care .
Nor did she care that her chin was so outthrust , it would serve as saucer to a teacup .


Her breathless run - on speech gave Gage time to regain some composure .
“ ‘ You could have a fatted calf and a tub of gold and you would n’t appeal to me . ”


Phoebe clenched her teeth .
He was still harping on body parts .
He was paying her back for what he considered an insult , but she could n’t just let it pass .
“ You ca n’t hurt my feelings .
You know why ?
You ’re scared of me .
I can tell . ”


His jaw dropped .


“ I used to think you had kissin ’ lips .
Now I do n’t .
Now I think you got flycatchers . ”


Gage closed his mouth , sputtering .
“ Get … get out of my shop .
Stay away from me . ”


Phoebe gave another toss of her head .
“ I ’ m more than happy to oblige you . ”


She sashayed toward the door , arms swinging and hips swaying .


“ You can twitch your fanny all you want , ” he called in loud hectoring sarcasm .
“ It wo n’t change my mind about you . ”


Phoebe was at once fettered by excitement .
She stopped dead in her tracks .
Practicing hip - swaying had paid off !
Warm with delight , she spun about , her face alight with a high - voltage glow .
“ I ai n’t aimin ’ to change your mind on any account .
I ’ m allowin ’ for your opinion . ”
She put one hand on her waist and cocked a hip forward like she ’d seen Vanna White do on Wheel of Fortune .
“ Supper ’ll be late , ” she sang out loftily .
“ I got to set out crab lines . ”


“ Wrap one around your neck and use it for bait , why do n’t you ? ”


Phoebe laughed .
“ Why , ai n’t you the witty one . ”
She lifted a hand .
“ See you at supper . ”


Willie - Boy popped from around a stack of weathered lumber and joined Phoebe on the path .
“ You mad at me ? ”


“ I should be , but I ai n’t .
I feel too good .
But listen , Willie - Boy , you do n’t carry tales about Vinnie or Ma or Pa or Erlene to outsiders .
Family stuff stays family . ”


“ Ai n’t Gage family ? ”
Willie - Boy slipped his hand into hers .


_ “ No . ”
Not yet . _


“ But you said we was cousins .
You said the Bible — ”


“ I can feel myself gettin ’ mad at you , Willie - Boy . ”


He jerked his hand loose and ran ahead .
“ You ’re gettin ’ just like Ma !
Always undoin ’ what you say and mixin ’ me up .
Next time Mr . Gage says you ’re a nag , I ai n’t takin ’ up for you . ”


“ Willie - Boy , wait !
Do n’t run like that . ”


“ I do n’t care if I get sick .
I do n’t care if I die ! ”
He scooted off into some weeds where a boat was stored upside down on wooden supports .


“ Then watch out for snakes . ”


He stopped running and cautiously made his way to the shade afforded by the upturned boat .


Phoebe smiled .
Gage Morgan would make a fine upstanding role model for Willie - Boy .
That was , once she got Gage ’s rougher edges smoothed out .
Thinking that , she did n’t mean in any way to be disloyal to Pa or Joey .
But neither Pa nor her brother seemed to be able to hold down regular jobs .
Pa used to .
Before his knees gave out , he ran the same gamut of work as early Hawley men — hunting , trapping sawmill to papermill .
Mostly it was the Hawley women who worked in the cotton mills .
Still , boy and man needed work , needed to feel worthwhile .
Having a trade did that for a man .


Having a trade could do it for a woman .
Phoebe had it in her mind to be so worthwhile the joy of it would be unbearable .


* * *


“ This is what we ’re gonna do , ” Phoebe said , once she had the kids lined up .
“ We ’re gonna go into the crabbin ’ business .
Every day we make a good catch I ’ll give you a cut . ”


“ How much will you get ? ”


“ Do n’t fret that , Maydean . ”


Dorie frowned .
“ You wo n’t catch enough crabs to sell with just lines and chicken necks . ”


“ I will .
You wait and see . ”


“ You have to use crab traps . ”


“ You just show me how to bait these lines . ”


The child shook her head .
“ We have some traps .
Daddy took them in trade .
Then you do n’t have to stand over the lines .
Besides , you can catch more if you leave the traps in the canal overnight .
We ca n’t crab with strings all night . ”


Phoebe straightened .
Working traps did sound more reasonable than trying to nab crabs with a string and a net .
“ You know how the traps work ? ”


“ Everybody knows how crab traps work . ”


“ You ’re so smart , you can show me . ”


There were thirteen traps , each a two - foot contraption of coated chicken wire built with a bait pocket that could be filled with fish heads or chicken necks .
There were small openings through which the crabs could swim toward the bait , but the openings did n’t allow for retreat .


Phoebe studied the traps and decided upon twelve .
Thirteen was a bad - luck number .
Having no fish heads or chum she baited the traps with chicken from the freezer .
She could n’t bear to use the best parts , so she carved out the breasts to be fried later .
She tied her skirt up around her waist and waded beyond the shallow estuary into the canal , setting the traps several yards apart on the canal ’s sandy floor .


“ Imagine .
While I ’ m cleanin ’ and cookin ’ , those old crabs will be gettin ’ themselves caught .
Just sittin ’ there waitin ’ for me to haul ‘ em up and sell ‘ em . ”


“ The best crabbing is out in the bay , ” Dorie said .
“ You have to use a boat for that . ”


“ This suits me just fine . ”
Phoebe went along the bank to mark each spot where she ’d entered the canal .
From the waist up she was sweating , waist down she was drenched .
“ I ’ m goin ’ in the house to change .
You kids stay away from that water .
You scare off one crab and you wo n’t get nothin ’ . ”


It felt so fine to be in business Phoebe decided to forego the threat and be generous .
“ Tomorrow ’s Saturday .
I got enough put by that we can go into that Shambeau ’s Dry Goods .
I ’ll buy you each a new pair of socks to wear to church . ”


“ Socks ! ”
Maydean flounced .
“ I want mascara . ”


“ I want jawbreakers , ” said Willie - Boy .


“ I ’ve got socks , ” put in Dorie .
“ I ’d rather have a Dora the Explorer coloring book . ”


“ You ’re gettin ’ socks , ” Phoebe said .
“ I ai n’t squanderin ’ my money on frou - frous .
Maydean , you get onto that ironin ’ .
Willie - Boy , you water the potato hills .
Dorie — ”


“ I do n’t have to do what you say .
You ’re not my boss . ”


Phoebe sighed .
Dorie ran hot and cold , one minute she was nice as pie , the next as ornery as a mule .
It was almost easier dealing with Maydean , who could always be depended upon to be her same old selfish self .


“ It ’s my natural state to be bossy .
You just take it wrong . ”
Since bribes worked on children , especially Dorie , Phoebe bribed .
“ You want a slice of chocolate cake for dessert tonight , you go tidy your room . ”


“ We do n’t have any cake . ”


“ That ’s what you know .
I aim to bake one to celebrate going into the crabbin ’ business .
If your room was to get cleaned , I was thinkin ’ you could have seconds . ”


Willie - Boy had been hanging back , listening .
“ Can I lick the icing bowl ? ”


“ You and Dorie both , if you help clean her room . ”
Phoebe picked up the pot of chicken breasts and left it at that .
After a bath , she dressed in freshly ironed slacks and blouse and took special care with her hair , clipping it extra tight atop her head .


* * *


There was a good bit of traffic in and out of the junkyard all during the afternoon .
Some folks stopped at the house .
Phoebe directed them to the welding shed .
A flatbed truck came and hauled off two of the great propellers Gage had repaired .
When he came up to the house to do some book work she evinced not the slightest interest in him .


While he sat at his desk in the living room , she dusted and plumped sofa pillows .


“ You want something ? ” he said , sounding irate .


“ Nary a thing . ”


“ Do you have to do that while I ’ m working in here ? ”


“ Am I botherin ’ you ? ”


“ You ’d like to think you were , would n’t you ? ”


Some folks got an inch , took a mile and walked it around the corner ending up right where they started .
Phoebe had her inch tucked away for safekeeping .
She did n’t aim to go backward or around any corner she ’d already cleared .
“ This room ’s a fair mess .
It needs to be taken apart and aired good .
Maybe even painted . ”


“ You ’re not bothering me .
I do n’t let women get under my skin . ”


She gave him a wide - mouthed grin that set her teeth flashing , illuminating her whole face .
Life was going her way for a change and her entire body seemed to vibrate with the smile and good feeling .
“ You tryin ’ to pick another fight ? ”


“ I ’ m just telling you . ”


“ I ’ m just listenin ’ . ”


“ You ’re up to something . ”


“ Just earnin ’ my keep . ”


“ You ’ve been flaunting yourself at me , bones and all . ”


Oh !
He was flinging trumpery of the lowest order .
“ I most certainly have not . ”


“ I saw you out there in the canal with your skirt up around your neck , showing your underwear . ”


Insouciance replaced indignation .
“ Where were you peepin ’ from ? ”


“ You do n’t have any modesty . ”


In spite of his attack , Phoebe ’s buoyancy refused deflation .
“ Did n’t figure I needed any around you . ”


“ That ’s right , you do n’t .
I ’ m not interested . ”


“ Course you ai n’t , ” she cooed , testing .
“ An upstandin ’ community man like you , in business for himself and all .
It ai n’t likely you ’d be taken with the likes of me . ”
She fluffed another cushion .


Gage ’s brows knitted together .
“ You ’re a hard worker , I wo n’t take that away from you . ”


Phoebe kept silent , waiting to see if he ’d add more good things to what he ’d just said .
He did n’t .
“ Which is the best windows to open in here to line up a breeze for the kitchen ?
I got some bakin ’ to do . ”


He went from his desk to open windows shaded by the great old tallow tree .
In spite of his size , he was n’t awkward .
He moved fluidly .
Phoebe kept her eyes on him .
The cool shaded air swept in and caressed her .
The breeze , his nearness made her more aware of her body than she had ever been in her life .
Made her think about what she could do with it , uses to which she ’d never put it — like sex .
With Gage .
She was amazed that she could hang on to thoughts like that and talk natural at the same time .
“ You want some iced tea ? ”


“ Not now , I ’ m going to the bank . ”


“ You reckon you could pick up some chocolate ?
I promised the kids I ’d bake a chocolate cake . ”


For an instant he looked stern , forbidding .
Phoebe thought he was grappling with the expense , with the idea of parting with cash .


“ Anything else you need in the kitchen ? ”


“ Eggs and milk .
But I planned to — ”


“ I ’ll get them . ”


“ Thank you . ”


He shot a look at her , seemed as if he wanted to say more .
Instead he grabbed up an old briefcase , felt his pockets for his keys , nodded toward her and swung out the front door .
Phoebe followed onto the porch , watched him to his truck .
He wanted to know her better .
She could sense it .
He just did n’t have the courage to ask her .
Men were like that .
She ’d have to think up things to tell him .


* * *


Saturday arrived wet and windy .
During the night , storm clouds swept in from the Gulf , the wind so strong there were whitecaps on the canal .
Phoebe worried about her crab traps .


Gage had gone to bed early the night before and had risen before Phoebe .
When worry sent her to the kitchen in her nightdress , coffee was perking and Gage was standing , staring out the screen door toward the bay , preoccupied .


Worry drove Phoebe to interrupt his reverie .
“ I got my traps in the canal .
Will the wind tote ‘ em off ? ”


He kept his back to her .
“ There ’s not much of an undertow in the canal .
Might turn them over , that ’s all . ”


“ Dern ! ”


“ You ’re hoping too hard , ” he said .


Phoebe poured coffee .
She took hers to the table and toyed with it .
“ Hope is extra .
I count on work . ”


“ Sometimes work does n’t get it .
Sometimes work is just a filler . ”


“ I know what you mean . ”
She did , too .
Mostly work was the only thing that could make time pass , keep a body ’s mind off more worrisome things .
She wondered what Gage had to worry about .
He had everything — a trade , land , house , food to eat , a child of his own , money in the bank .
He did n’t have a wife now , yet the one he ’d had …
Clarity struck .
More than man - ego had been involved .
His feelings had been hurt .
Marriage meant stability , having a focus .
It was hard to reconcile a man as big as Gage as having hidden feelings like that , of maybe having lost his focus .
Phoebe gazed at his strong , wide back with new eyes .
“ Gage , do you get lonely ? ”


He was a long time answering .
The rain beat on the roof , water ran in thick rivulets off the eaves and dripped splatters into the stoop and porch .
Yellow light fell in a pool upon the table from the light bulb hanging from the ceiling on a wire .
The only other color in the rain - tinted gray air was in the faded green stripes in the shirt Gage wore .
Phoebe was proud to see him in the shirt .
She had trimmed the ragged edges where he ’d ripped the sleeves out , sewed on a missing button , ironed it , and left it on a hanger in the laundry room .
Even if did n’t say a word about it , he had to know that button did n’t leap onto the shirt by its lonesome and the wrinkles disappear by magic .
Phoebe considered he was ignoring her question about being lonely , but after another sip of coffee he said , “ Now and then .
Not so you ’d notice . ”


Oh .
He did miss being married !
Even if it was to Velma , no matter what she ’d done to him .
Now , where to take the conversation ?
Some words , a comment seemed in order .
She searched for one that would be truthful .
“ I do , too , but I _notice_ .
Even when I ’ m in the midst of Ma and Pa and Erlene , Maydean and Willie - Boy , I feel left out .
There ’s no accounting for feeling that way , I just do . ”


He moved away from the door and leaned back against the sink , one booted foot crossing the other .
Phoebe sipped from her cup , suffering his probing inspection .
She felt he was looking into her soul .
Seeing what was there .
She wanted him to see , to know .
It was a moment of communion , silent , filled with tension and , to Phoebe , a thing magical .


She knew Gage was seeing her profile , too .
Its fineness and the way wisps of hair trailed on her neck .
Her lips were parted .
Hawley women had pillow lips .


Out of the corner of her eye , Phoebe caught the direction of his gaze .
All he was doing was sizing up her body parts again !
The smallest ones !
Dern .
The spell was broken .
She drew her arms off the table .
“ What ’re you starin ’ at ? ”


Gage jerked .
“ Nothing .
You got anything to stare at ? ”


“ Seems like I do .
Your eyes are about to bug out . ”


“ Hellfire . ”


“ You like cussing at me , do n’t you ? ”


He put his cup in the sink .
“ I did n’t aim it at you .
I was merely expressing my opinion of where I ’ m at . ”


“ Where you ’re goin ’ , you mean . ”


“ Right . ”
He stalked to the pantry , retrieved a gray slicker from a hook and thrust his arms into it .
“ Hell is where I ’ m going .
Crazy is where I ’ m at . ”
He glowered at her , started to say something more .


Phoebe held her breath , awaiting the threat , the order to pack and leave .
But Gage strode past the table , out the door into the rain .


Phoebe exhaled .
The opportunity had been there to evict her and he had n’t .
He liked her .
Appreciated her fixing his shirt .
That must be it .
He wanted her to stay .
He must ’ve gotten a look into her soul after all … that was , before he got sidetracked .
She would n’t be so foolish as to hold the sidetracking against him .


She poured a refill of coffee and slipped outside onto the porch .
The wooden floor was damp , cold to her bare feet .
Wind - driven rain spattered on her face .
She peered toward the canal , wondering what nature was doing to the crab traps , wondering if crabs scuttled about and got hungry in such disagreeable weather .
For long minutes she stared into the rain , restless , possessed of the distant , preoccupied gaze of a woman whose thoughts were catapulting into the future .


“ Can I have chocolate cake for breakfast ? ”


The images reflected in Phoebe ’s mind dimmed .
“ Do n’t come out here Willie - Boy .
It ’s cool .
Where ’s your shirt ? ”


“ It has skin all over it .
I ’ m peeling . ”


“ I ’ll lather you up with calamine .
That ’ll stop it . ”


“ Then can I have some cake ? ”


“ For lunch , not a minute before . ”


“ Are we still gonna Shambeau ’s ? ”


“ With the rain and all , we ’ll have to see . ”


“ Mr . Gage can take us . ”


He can indeed , Phoebe thought , for life .
“ He has to work . ”


“ But you ’ll ask him ? ”


“ I might , if you be a good boy and do n’t stir up trouble this mornin ’ . ”


“ I ’ll be good . ”


Phoebe glanced once more toward the canal then shifted her gaze to the kitchen .
Her cleaning and living in it had made the room homey .
“ Everything is gonna be good for us now , Willie - Boy .
I can feel it .
I ’ll bet every old crab in that canal is trapped and gnawin ’ on chicken right this minute . ”


“ So I can have jawbreakers and socks . ”


Phoebe laughed and balled up a fist .
“ Here ’s your jawbreaker .
Now go get dressed . ”


* * *


Thunder rumbled through the walls of the gate shack .
The building was little more than a freestanding closet from which Gage ran his business on Saturdays .
From the door he could direct folks to what they wanted to look at , and collect for the purchase before they left the property .
He sat on a stool in the half - light , leaving the single bulb unlit .
Regular Saturday trade would be held back by the weather .
He debated working in the welding shed , a thing he seldom did on Saturday .
Truth was , he did n’t feel much like working at all .
He wished he ’d stayed in the kitchen drinking coffee with Phoebe .


He was loath to admit it , but he liked the harmony Phoebe brought into his life and house .
He was beginning to feel generous again .
That alarmed him .
He was enjoying having her around .
That scared him .


He ’d suffered the ordeal of Velma .
The only good thing coming out of his marriage was Dorie .
But he did n’t know how to tend to Dorie ’s emotional needs .
He feared she was too much like her mother .
Since Phoebe ’s arrival , Dorie had become neater , mannerly , less moody , as if Phoebe had put a spell on her .


He admired a woman who knew the value of money , how to earn it .
Phoebe appeared to have an inside track on that knowledge as Velma had not .
Velma had put his back to the wall , charging goods and spending money as if it were a never - ending flow like the tide and it had cost him a good year of profits to crawl out of that debt - ridden hole .
Velma had gone off and got herself drowned while in the company of another man , turning him into a cuckold in front of their entire community — business and friend alike .
Getting over that took some doing .


Gage looked down at his big calloused hands .
He could n’t go on without a woman indefinitely , but Phoebe Hawley ?
She would n’t take up the space between two button tucks in his mattress .
It seemed to him that Phoebe had a fragility of flesh , that she was held together only by discipline and nerve .
He could n’t see her having sex without wafting away .
Though it had been restrained , he had a healthy appetite for sex .


Not that he was considering it with Phoebe Hawley .


He looked down at his hands , trying to recall the last time he ’d touched a woman .


Oh , Lord , he was considering it .


Best thing all around would be to send Phoebe on her way .
Force her against Hawley pride to take the bumper .
He ’d be decent about it , he ’d wait until she ’d sold her crabs .


The rain stopped .
Inside the shack there was no sound at all , except the noise of water dripping off the tin roof and the muttering in Gage ’s brain that said he was being a fool .


A truck came through the gate and stopped .
The driver hung out the window .
“ Hey , you open for business ? ”


Gage tugged the string that turned on the light .
“ I ’ m open . ”


At noon , Phoebe thrust her head in the door .
“ I brought your lunch .
Fried chicken sandwich and a thermos of coffee . ”


Not once had Velma ever thought to bring him lunch while he was working away from the house .
He did n’t mean to be making comparisons , but there it was .
“ Thanks .
I am a bit hungry .
Have n’t had time to take a break . ”


“ You got to quit stalkin ’ outta the house mad of a mornin ’ .
Eat a good breakfast .
Business good today ? ”


“ Fair . ”


* * *


Lor !
But Gage was stingy with words .
Mayhap it was the weather .
Phoebe wore a pair of galoshes from the laundry room to cut across the junkyard mud and puddles .
They came up to her knees .
She had a towel pinned around her waist to serve as an apron and her hair was covered with a scarf .
Controlling her curls was always a problem and in damp air , an impossible task .
The chicken sandwich had just been an excuse .
Inside her was a driving force to be near Gage .
She ’d fought it all morning .
Now she was near him .
The shack barely had room for Gage ’s huge bulk and she was nearer than she ’d hoped .
She cleared her throat twice , felt her stomach climbing into her chest cavity .
“ Gage … ”


“ What ? ”


“ You reckon this weather ’ll hold the crabs back ? ”


He peeled the waxed paper from the sandwich .
“ Would n’t hurt to leave the traps down a couple more days .
You could n’t sell them this late in the day anyway . ”


“ That ’s what I thought . ”


He ate the sandwich .
Phoebe had the urge to be seductive .
She moved closer and brushed his arm with her own , then she opened the thermos , pouring coffee into the lid that served as a cup .
She was so giddy her hands shook .


“ You ’re spilling that . ’ ’


“ Wo n’t hurt this floor . ”


“ Guess it wo n’t . ”
The red cup disappeared into his thick hand .
Phoebe liked his hands .
He did heavy , dirty work , yet the nails were clipped and clean .
She had to put her own hands behind her back to keep from reaching out , to keep from placing her hand on his .


“ I promised the kids I ’d take them into Shambeau ’s .
We were gonna walk , but what with the rain by the time we got there they ’d look like mud daubers . ”


“ I ’ll drive you . ”


“ I was gonna ask to borrow my tag , just for — ”


“ I said I ’d drive you . ”


Phoebe pondered the tone of his voice .
It was no - nonsense and bossy .
Like hers .
“ What will people say , seein ’ you with me ? ”


He avoided her eyes .
“ Do n’t suppose they ’ll say anything . ”


“ I mean , what will they think ? ”


“ Why should they think anything ?
Seems to me I recall Willie - Boy saying we ’re cousins . ”


“ He meant Bible cousins . ”


“ Ah . ”


She was going to cut out Willie - Boy ’s tongue !
“ You have mayonnaise all over your face , ” she said , and fled .
The heavy galoshes splattered mud a yard wide .


* * *


Phoebe was n’t looking at Gage and he was n’t looking at her .
But they were getting in each other ’s way while trying to herd the kids into the truck .


“ I call the window , ” yelled Maydean , jumping in and hogging it .


“ I ’ m sitting by Maydean , ” said Dorie .


Willie - Boy was all hope .
“ I ’ m riding in the back . ”


Phoebe grabbed his arm .
“ You ’re sittin ’ in my lap . ”


“ People will think I ’ m a sissy . ”


“ They wo n’t think anything if you do n’t sit on my lap .
They wo n’t even see you .
You ’ll be a layin ’ on your bed until the rest of us get back .
Move off that window , Maydean .
Let me in . ”


“ No . ”


“ Maydean . ”


“ I ai n’t been nowhere since we got here .
I want to see . ”


“ Come around this side and get in . ”


Phoebe scowled .
What Gage was suggesting would put her practically in his lap .
She was wearing her second - best skirt and blouse with black pumps .
She gave the front of the truck a wide berth to avoid mud puddles .


“ You want me to carry you ? ”


“ A little dirt never hurt anybody . ”
She climbed in without his help .
He handed in Willie - Boy and got behind the wheel .


“ Doors locked ?
Seatbelts on ?
Everybody ready ? ”


The kids chorused , “ Ready ! ”


Phoebe could n’t speak .
The whole length of her was aligned and pressing against Gage .
He had showered and she got the full effects of that .
Soap and after - shave wafted by her nose .
It made her think about sex — again .


On the pretext of adjusting Willie - Boy upon her knees she stole a quick look at Gage .
Her nearness did n’t appear to be affecting him at all .
She sniffed at his indifference .


“ You say something ? ” he asked .


“ We ’re packed like sardines .
It ’s hot . ”


He rolled his window down .


“ That ’s blowing my hair . ”


He raised it .
“ That better ? ”


“ It ’s hot again . ”


“ Should ’ve let you walk . ”
He lowered the window yet again .


Phoebe was a network of sensitive strings .
When Gage pushed on the brake and gas pedals , his thigh rubbed hers .
The strings that were her nerves zinged as if they were priming for a symphony .
Once when he shifted gears his arm brushed the side of her breast .
Her nipples peaked and began to hum .
The sensation left her speechless .
She could n’t even dribble a rebuke when Maydean craned her neck to stare and coo at boys on motorcycles .
By the time they arrived at Shambeau ’s she felt as if she ’d whacked a hornet ’s nest and got stung from eyeball to instep .


The children erupted from the truck .
Phoebe did n’t trust herself to move .


“ You worried about your hair ? ”
Gage asked .


“ No . ”


“ Are you going to get out here or go run errands with me ? ”


Phoebe jerked .
Maydean , Willie - Boy , and Dorie were disappearing into the storefront .
“ Lor ! ”


Gage took her hand and helped her down from the cab .
“ You need an hour ? ”


“ Thirty minutes . ”
Shaken , Phoebe reclaimed her hand .
She forced her fingers to clasp her purse .


“ Thirty minutes .
I ’ll be waiting . ”


Phoebe took a step then turned back .
She cleared her throat .
“ Gage , do you feel funny ? ”


“ I feel fine . ”


It was all one - sided !
She hated him .
“ I feel fine , too . ”


“ You look fine . ”


She loved him .


“ Your hair hardly got blowed a bit . ”


She hated him .


First chance she got she was going to figure out how to bed him .
That ’d make him sit up and take notice .
She spun away and sallied into Shambeau ’s .


* Chapter 6 Chapter 6 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 6


Anger flared one minute , love the next as Phoebe banged around in the kitchen .
She was fixing supper and handling pots and pans like percussion instruments .
Love flowed in only one direction , toward Gage .
Her anger flowed in two , at him and herself .


To avoid a scene with Maydean in Shambeau ’s she ’d spent more than she ’d planned .
She ’d bought the socks , a pair of shorts for herself , a knit shirt for Maydean because she refused to take it off , a toy car for Willie - Boy and a coloring book for Dorie .


There had been the same crowded conditions in the truck on the way home .
More so because of the purchases and a bag of groceries Gage set on the floorboard .
There was a six - pack of beer in the bag .
Phoebe frowned on that , but Gage was staying home to drink it .
He had also bought ice cream and chewing gum .
He was sitting in the living room drinking his beer while the kids sat on the floor clacking their jaws .
It was enough to drive a body mad .
She banged another pot to emphasize her displeasure .


The noise brought Gage to the kitchen .
“ What ’s all the clatter in here ? ”


Phoebe sniffed .
“ What clatter ?
I do n’t hear any clatter . ”


He cocked a brow .
“ You probably have the ships out in the channel thinking they ’re picking up distress signals . ”


“ I wish one of ’ em would come along and pick me up and take me I - do n’t - care - where . ”


“ What ’re you mad about ? ”


“ Nothin ’ .
Do I sound mad to you ?
What makes you think I ’ m mad ? ”


He went to the refrigerator , retrieved another beer , and popped the top .


That ’s two , Phoebe counted .
“ You sure like your booze , do n’t you ? ”


“ I like a beer now and then , yes .
I told you before , do n’t make too much out of it . ”


“ I ’ m not .
I do n’t even care . ”


“ You want one ? ”


“ I hate the stuff .
I just hope you wo n’t be too drunk to come to the supper table . ”


“ On two beers ?
Seems to me the beer is just an excuse .
What ’s really bothering you ? ”


“ Nothin ’ . ”
Here she was heart throbbing , knees watery and he not only did n’t notice , he was n’t reciprocating .
“ Everything is so fine and dandy I can hardly stand it . ”


“ I ’ll just close the door to the kitchen , keep the noise down .
Every time you slam a pot , Willie - Boy jumps . ”


A surge of guilt scuttled Phoebe ’s anger .
The doctor back home said Willie - Boy ’s asthma attacks were sometimes brought on by overexcitement or fear .
That was one reason she had him in tow .
Vinnie picked on him something terrible , kept him gasping for breath .
“ Leave the door open .
I ’ve about got supper done anyhow . ”


After the meal was served , Maydean and Dorie , cautious eyes upon Phoebe , washed dishes without protest .
Willie - Boy ’s new toy broke .
Gage got out a soldering iron and showed him how to fix it .
Phoebe stopped clearing the table to give Willie - Boy a hug .


“ What ’d you do that for ? ”


“ Because I ’ m proud .
Look at you , learnin ’ how to weld . ”


“ This is soldering , ” he explained .
“ Welding is when you wear a mask . ”


Later , after the children were bathed and in bed , Phoebe went into the living room where Gage sat , to watch television with him .
He pretended not to notice her come into the room .
But beyond his aloof expression , she could see the lines of tension around his eyes .


“ That was a nice thing you did for Willie - Boy , ” she said .
“ Showing him how to fix the car . ”


Gage shrugged .


“ Guess I ’ll go to bed . ”
She emphasized _bed_ to see if that would get a rise out of him .


“ Good night , ” he said .
He had a magazine in his lap .
When a commercial came on television , he transferred his interest to the page .


That was n’t the response Phoebe wanted .
It was unthinkable that all the thigh rubbing earlier had left him so unaffected .
She tossed her head and fumed .
He ignored the sighing and tossing .
Phoebe got up and went out on the porch .


There was still dampness in the air .
More rain in the offing .
She swallowed back a self - pitying sigh .
She had a roof over her head , did n’t she ?
Food to eat and money in her purse ?
This time last week she ’d been scrounging for all three .
But she did n’t have that elusive fourth — a man of her own .
Well , she had him .
He was just being thick - minded about it .
Re - entering the living room she discovered Gage had been tracking her .


“ Do n’t wake me up when you go past my room , ” she said .


“ I would n’t think of it , ” he returned in a tone overlaid with irony .
Phoebe locked eyes with him .
Her pulse quickened .
She had meant noise .
He had meant stopping off in her room .
She made a wild accusation .


“ You ’ve been thinking about it . ”


“ Like hell . ”


His voice had risen a decibel .
Defensive .


Phoebe pressed .
“ I ai n’t forgettin ’ how you looked at me this mornin ’ . ”


“ Any time a woman parades half - naked in front of me , I ’ll look . ”


“ Did I stir you up ?
Is that why you ran out of the kitchen ? ”


“ I had to go to work . ”


She took the plunge .
“ You stir me up something fierce . ”


“ Do n’t let it go to your head . ”


“ That ’s just it .
It ai n’t in my head .
It ’s — ”


“ Hush up . ”


Phoebe ’s mind churned .
A man did n’t get so riled about a subject for which he cared little .
So he must really like her , because he was so upset .
His face was even getting red .
He did like her , but he did n’t seem to like the idea of liking her .
Best she let him sleep on it , get used to the idea .
She backpedaled .
“ Now I know why you ’re so sour of a morning .
You go to sleep that way , it preys on your brain all night . ”


“ What preys on my brain is how to get you out of my life . ”


Phoebe suffered an instant of sharp terror .
“ You going back on your word ?
You said we could stay — ”


“ You can .
Just keep out of my way .
And wear proper clothing .
Just because you ’re skinny is no excuse to gad about the house half - dressed . ”


“ I ai n’t the cause of your wicked thoughts , ” Phoebe said loftily , convinced now that she was and thrilled about it .
“ Good night . ”


Head high , chin up , she sailed past him .


Gage glared at the set of her chin , the slope of her neck that was creamy against the dark blouse she wore .
“ Watch out you do n’t stab somebody , ” he gibed .


It took Phoebe five minutes to get her teeth brushed .
She kept looking at her image in the mirror .
Her face was flushed , her eyes wide and glowing .
Why , she looked almost pretty .
With utter feminine instinct she knew she could go naked into Gage ’s room .
He would n’t turn her away .
All his blatant hemming and hawing was for naught .


She did n’t see how she could go to him tonight .
Somehow it did n’t seem a fitting claim to propriety to crawl into a man ’s bed on Saturday night , and out of it on Sunday morning to church .
Once she and Gage had an understanding it ’d be all right .
Lusting outside an understanding was hazarding the risk of sin .


* * *


When it came , the sound did not rouse Phoebe at once : the sound of sobbing .
It seemed to rise , then muffle itself before Phoebe lifted her head from the pillow .
_Willie - Boy_ , she thought , _he ’s homesick again_ .
She padded into the hall .
The sniffling came from Dorie .
Somebody forgot to turn on the nightlight .
In the dark Phoebe felt her way into the room and switched on the ruffled bedside lamp .


“ Dorie , you sick ? ”


The child pulled her head out from beneath her pillow .
“ No . ”


“ Why ’re you crying ? ”


“ You would n’t understand . ”


“ I would .
I ’ m grown up .
I know a lot . ”


“ Daddy does n’t love me . ”


Phoebe rocked on her heels .
“ Of course he does . ”


“ He likes Willie - Boy better .
He ’s never showed me how to solder .
He wo n’t let me into his shop , either . ”


“ Because it ’s dangerous .
He does n’t want you to get hurt . ”


“ He let Willie - Boy . ”


“ Men think different about a boy . ”


Dorie turned her face into the pillow .
“ My mother loved me .
She said so .
Daddy never says he loves me .
I want my mother back . ”


Phoebe sat on the bed and gently massaged the small shoulders .
“ You have to keep your ma in your heart , Dorie .
You put her there and you ’ll always have her with you . ”


“ It ’s not the same . ”


“ I know .
When Grandma Hawley died , I could n’t stand it .
Sometimes I ’d forget she was gone , and I ’d think about somethin ’ to tell her .
I ’d go into her room and then it ’d come on me that she was n’t there anymore .
I cried and cried , just like you . ”


Dorie looked up , surprised .
“ I do that too .
On my birthday , I wanted to show Mother my presents . ”


“ I have a taste for hot chocolate , ” said Phoebe .
“ When I felt bad , Grandma Hawley used to make me a cup and let me sit on her lap after everyone else was in bed .
The only folks up were me and her and the night elves . ”


Dorie perked up .
“ What night elves ?
We do n’t have any night elves . ”
She moved off the bed and trailed at Phoebe ’s side into the kitchen .
Phoebe heated the milk and sugar , stirred in cocoa , then pulled the child onto her lap .


“ Everybody has night elves .
They sweep up behind the sandman .
You know the sandman ; he makes you go to sleep .
That sandman is messy , his sandbags leak .
All night long the elves have to run behind with their tiny brooms . ”


“ No . ”


“ Yes . ”


“ What else do they do ? ”


“ They get feisty .
They used to play pranks on Grandma Hawley all the time .
They ’d hide her knittin ’ needles .
Once they hid one in the sofa and my brother Joey found it .
He sat on it . ”


Dorie laughed .


“ Shhh , ” Phoebe cautioned .
“ Or you ’ll have the whole house stirrin ’ .
I ’ll be half the night fixin ’ cocoa . ”
She told another story and when Dorie ’s head began to droop , Phoebe held still , allowing the child to drift into slumber .


A shadow fell across the table .
She looked up into Gage ’s face , his expression a patchwork of curiosity and fear .


“ What ’s wrong ? ”


Dorie stirred but did n’t come awake .
“ She was missin ’ her mother . ”
Gage pulled out a chair and sat heavily .
“ What ’d she say ? ”


“ She ’s not used to her being gone . ”


“ She looks a lot like Velma . ”


“ You holdin ’ that against Dorie ? ”


Gage recoiled .
“ No . ”


“ That ’s what you say on the outside .
Dorie sees it different .
You ca n’t hold her up to the light of Velma .
She ’s loyal to her mother , she does n’t understand about … about that other thing . ”


The blood drained from Gage ’s face .
“ Do n’t you ever — ”


“ You asked and I told .
Fact is , some understandings work , some do n’t .
Yours with Velma did n’t .
I ai n’t judgin ’ one way or another .
Do n’t go holdin ’ it up to me that I am .
I got enough on my plate with my own worries . ”


A muscle leaped in Gage ’s jaw .
During the past year he ’d been adapting to a world that had turned itself upside down .
He sensed that he had n’t been adapting as well as he ’d thought .
He exhaled , his anger collapsing in dull melancholy .


Phoebe noted his look of distress .
“ Dorie needs somethin ’ to occupy her mind .
Kids always get bored in summers .
Why do n’t you get her some baby chicks ?
I could fix up that shed back yonder to hold ’ em . ”


“ And when she gets tired of them or goes back to school ? ”


“ Why , by September they ’d be big enough to scratch around on their own .
You would n’t have to do nothing but gather an egg when you wanted it . ”
By then , Phoebe thought , Erlene would be in Bayou La Batre and have those chickens following her around like she was the Pied Piper .


“ I ’ll think about it . ”


“ Well , you ’re her pa , you know best . ”
She slid her arms beneath the sleeping Dorie .
“ I ’d better get her back to bed . ”


Gage insisted upon carrying Dorie himself .
He moved around the table and lifted his daughter from Phoebe ’s arms .
“ I ’ m … I appreciate you comforting her .
Truth is , I never could think of what to say to her after Velma died . ”
In the taking up of Dorie , his fingers brushed Phoebe ’s breasts .
His eyes suddenly shifted to hers .


Phoebe grinned , and whispered , “ More there than you figured , ai n’t it ? ”


“ Shameless hussy , ” he snapped .
But there was more smile than bite in his voice .


The night wind began to creak in the eaves , forecasting the onset of more inclement weather .
To Phoebe it was the cheerful sound of her future .


* * *


Phoebe discovered she was too anxious to eat a morsel of breakfast .
While she served up toast and grits she checked items off her mental to - do list .
She had a pork roast defrosting for Sunday dinner , a can of beer sitting out to get room temperature for beer biscuits , which was the only good use she saw of the brew , and was practicing what to say to Gage to get the use of her tag .
As she moved around the table , she kept bumping into Willie - Boy ’s elbow .


“ Put your arm down .
How can you eat like that ? ”


“ I ’ m eatin ’ . ”


“ You have a headache ? ”


“ No .
I like my hand on my head . ”


“ This is no time for games .
Put that towel on your lap lest you spill food on your good pants . ”


He put down his fork and awkwardly spread the towel with one hand .
Phoebe grabbed his wrist and pulled his hand away from his head .
She glared at the wad of gum with dismay .
“ Willie - Boy , I told you to throw that gum out before you went to bed . ”


“ I forgot . ”


“ After you finish eating , I ’ll cut it out . ”


“ I ai n’t goin ’ to church with a hole in my hair .
People ’ll make fun . ”


“ You can go to church with a hole in your hair or stay home with a blistered fanny . ”


Maydean and Dorie snickered .


“ Same for both of you , ” Phoebe warned .
She eyed Maydean ’s chest over which was draped the new knit shirt .
“ You got underwear on under that ? ”


“ My strap broke . ”


“ Then wear one of mine . ”


“ They ’re too small . ”


“ Then find a safety pin .
You ai n’t goin ’ into the Lord ’s house floppin ’ like a jellyfish . ”


It was Willie - Boy ’s turn to snicker .
Dorie went to the fridge for more milk .
Phoebe looked at her feet .
“ Dorie , your shoes do n’t match . ”


“ I know .
The night elves hid the mates . ”


Phoebe stalked into the hall , slamming the kitchen door behind her .
The loud report made Gage stick his lathered face out of the bathroom .


“ What in hell was that ? ”


“ That was a bunch of heathens makin ’ me think un - Christian thoughts before I go to church ! ”


“ Well , you made me take a chunk out of my jaw . ”


Seeing him without his shirt , smelling the shaving cream altered and changed the direction of Phoebe ’s thoughts .
“ What ’re you shaving for ? ”


“ Guess I ’ m going to church . ”


“ With us ? ”


“ You got any objection ? ”


Phoebe could think of only one .
“ We ca n’t all fit in the cab of your truck , not in Sunday clothes . ”


“ We ’ll take the car . ”


“ Car ?
What car ? ”


“ The one I keep in the boat shed . ”


Phoebe leaned against the wall .
“ Gage , are you rich ? ”
She meant rich as in really rich outside of junk .
It would put a different complexion on things .


He laughed .
“ Hell , no . ”


“ How come you never mentioned you had a car ? ”


“ It ’s one I bought for Velma .
I run the motor now and then to keep the battery up .
Dorie likes to ride in it . ”


All of a sudden Velma was becoming a household word .
It was healthy , but it made Phoebe feel constrained .


* * *


There was no thigh rubbing on the way to church .
Dorie sat primly between her father and Phoebe .
Before the service , Phoebe met Essie and sat with her .
Dorie and Maydean sat with the Sunday school class .
Gage kept Willie - Boy company in the back pew so there ’d be nobody behind the boy to see the gap in his hair .


The preaching and singing of hymns restored Phoebe .
She felt an affinity with her far - away family members .
No matter what , Ma and Pa and Erlene would be in church right this minute , same as she .
It was almost like visiting .


Gage knew a lot of people and while he spoke with them , Phoebe went to wait in the car .
She could n’t figure how he ’d introduce her , and she did n’t want to spread the lie about being cousins on sacred ground .
The sun was beginning to shine through the clouds .
She put her mind off Gage and onto her crab traps .


* * *


Sunday dinner was a success ; the roast just right , the rice fluffy , the biscuits light , the gravy smooth .
There was laughter and no bickering .
Everyone changed out of their Sunday best .
Phoebe put on the shorts she ’d bought .
Gage came out from behind the Sunday paper to eye her up and down .


“ Do n’t say nothin ’ smart .
These are my working clothes .
I ’ m going now to haul in my traps .
I ca n’t wait another minute . ”


“ Better wait until morning , ” Gage suggested .
“ You ca n’t let crabs stay in the hot sun .
They ’ll die . ”


“ I aim to clean out the back of my truck , keep ’ em in the shade , like .
Hank said he wants crabs early in the mornin ’ , by six , so he can have ’ em boiled by eight when the pickers come in .
At that hour I wo n’t have to worry about driving without a tag . ”


“ Do n’t listen to me then . ”
He went back behind the paper .


Phoebe picked her way through the tall grass to the canal , stood in front of a marking stick and walked straight out into the water .
It was cooler than she remembered .
She found the first crab trap , tried to lift it and could n’t .
The import of that struck her .
Full !
She raced back up to the house .


“ Maydean , put on those sinful shorts of yours and come help me .
There ’re so many crabs in my traps I ca n’t lift ’ em .
Gage , did you hear that ? ”


“ Me and everyone clear into the next county .
You want my help ? ”


“ For free ? ”


“ I never work for free . ”


“ I can give you what I promised the kids — ”


“ Are those my traps you ’re using ? ”


She was at once wary .
“ I ’ m just borrowin ’ ’ em . ”


“ What about the bait ? ”


“ I ’ m gonna replace it . ”


“ I get half . ”


Phoebe was thunderstruck .
“ That ai n’t fair ! ”


“ My equipment , your labor .
Half .
That ’s the way it ’s always worked . ”


“ I figured you for stingy , ” she charged , attempting to recapture lost ground .
“ But I did n’t figure you unfair . ”


Gage tilted his head , his lips curving , hinting at a smile just out of sight .
“ You ’ve spent a week educating me on Hawley pride .
If I allowed you the use of all my equipment and bait , why , that ’d be like charity .
Now that I know you better , I could n’t do that to you . ”


Phoebe choked on crow .
“ I ’ve never been of a mind to admire a man who let a woman make his livin ’ for him . ”


“ Me , neither . ”
Gage tossed aside the Sunday paper and hauled himself to his feet .
“ Think I ’ll see if that grass is dry enough to mow .
I like the idea of improving my property . ”


Fried crow !
“ I ought to charge you for housekeeping , ” Phoebe said , searching haphazardly for a way to regain the upper hand .


Gage slapped a cap on his head and pulled the bill low .
“ How much ? ”


“ Minimum wage times forty hours a week , at least . ”


“ Okay , if you insist .
But if we ’re charging , three of you ’s room and board ’ll cost you more than that . ”


Phoebe recanted before something terrible and irrevocable happened , like the loss of all her as - yet - unearned cash .
“ I did n’t say I would .
I just said ‘ I ought to . ’ ”


“ Oh , I misunderstood .
We ’ll keep on as usual , then ? ”


Phoebe swayed on her feet .
Victory had the unmistakable sour taste of gall .
“ I reckon . ”


* * *


Hauling the traps from the canal was heavy work .
The sun bore down .
Humidity thickened the air .
The canal bank steamed .
Maydean panted and complained every step of the way .


“ Pull the truck up closer , ” she urged .


“ It ’s as close as I dare .
You want me to get stuck in mud or drive the blamed thing out to every trap ?
Then where ’d we be ? ”


“ I want more than minimum wage .
In Sunday school there was a girl who talked about a teenage beauty contest they have every year in Bayou La Batre .
You have to get good grades and look pretty and have talent .
I can sing , and I can get good grades , but I ca n’t look good on minimum wage a day . ”


“ No amount of makeup can cover up a black eye , Maydean .
You ’re fixin ’ to get two . ”


“ When Ma gets here , I ’ m gonna tell her how mean you ’ve been . ”


“ Ma ai n’t never gonna get here if we do n’t make enough money to send bus fare .
Now hush up and lift . ”


Two hours later all the traps were emptied .
The truck bed was covered and piled high with blue - green crabs clawing and scooting sideways , every one of them trying to bury itself beneath its neighbor .
Phoebe raised the tailgate and leaned against the truck taking joyous note of her harvest .
“ I bet there ’s double the amount I ’d get for pickin ’ the things , ” she said with weary satisfaction .


“ Are we going to bait the traps and set them out again ? ”
Dorie wanted to know .


“ No . Whole chicken is too expensive .
After I get paid for this mess of crabs , I ’ll buy some regular bait . ”
Phoebe moved the truck into the shade and as an extra precaution , covered the crabs with an old tarp .
“ Dorie , you find me a waterin ’ hose .
If they get to lookin ’ peaked , I ’ m gonna hose ’ em down with cool water . ”


The crab harvest had been accompanied by the distant hum of the lawnmower .
The sound had stopped , as if Gage had timed his work to end with hers .
Willie - Boy came racing around the side of the house .
When he saw Phoebe he slowed to a walk .
“ Guess what I did . Mr . Gage let me paint the fence ! ”


“ Did he pay you ? ”


“ No , but he hung a tire swing from the tallow tree , and it goes high . ”


A stream of water came their way amid whoops and laughter .
Phoebe turned and was squirted in the face .
Dorie threw down the hose .
“ Maydean told me to do it ! ” she yelled and both girls beat a hasty giggling retreat into the jumble of the junkyard .


“ Wipe that grin off your face , Willie - Boy . ”


“ I ’ m not grinning .
Honest . ”


Gage came out of the kitchen on to the back porch .
“ An inspiring sight , ” he said .


Phoebe brushed her wet and dripping hair out of her eyes .
The old T - shirt she wore clung to her body .
She grasped it at nipple level and pulled it away from her bosom .
Lips tight , she stalked past Gage into the house , wordless .


* * *


Phoebe felt grand .
The taste of accomplishment had about the same good flavor as a well - cooked meal .


She had gone to look at her crabs a half dozen times since dusk .
They had stopped scrabbling and settled down , folding their claws and blowing air bubbles .
It amazed her that a creature so ugly fit so well into the scheme of things ; amazed her even more that a creature so ugly would be the salvation of her purse and pride .
God sure did work in mysterious ways when he was looking out for Phoebe Hawley !


Gage did n’t appear to have any amazement working in him , yet Phoebe sensed that he , too , had a feeling of accomplishment .
She sat next to him on the stoop , elbow to elbow , both watching the children playing _May I ? _ on the newly mown grass .
Somewhere on the vast acreage , Gage had run over a patch of wild mint and the fragrant sharp odor lay on the rain - freshened air along with the good clean smell of rich soil and wet seaweed .
Phoebe noted Gage did n’t appear of a mind to chat , but the silence was companionable , and she did n’t goad him into conversation .
When dark fell hard and the moon a sliver in the sky , she herded all three of the children to bath and bed .


An hour later , Gage was still on the stoop , and of all things , smoking a pipe .
The sweetish aroma of the tobacco drew Phoebe out the screen door .
She sat on the same step as he , taking care to tuck her skirt about her knees against mosquitoes and the off chance Gage might skitter a glance .
Her knees were not her best feature .


“ I did n’t know you smoked . ”


“ Now and then . ”


Phoebe glanced up at the sky .
Stars twinkled , but the moon had n’t made any headway .
“ The air is just right tonight , ai n’t it ? ”


“ Almost .
A little muggy .
Tide is turning , we ought to get a good breeze in a few minutes . ”


“ Yard looks good . ”


“ I should n’t ’ ve let it go so long . ”


“ Why did you ? ”


He knocked the coals out of the pipe and ground them with his heel .
“ Lots of reasons . ”
Velma , for one .
Misery , for two .
With her death , the manner of it , he ’d lost his sense of well - being , the direction a man needed to see where he ’s been and where he ’s going .
Seeing the place through Phoebe ’s eyes , those old feelings were stirring again .
He was beginning to feel whole again , not as if his heart had been cut out .


“ Name one . ”


Gage cringed .
He could no more articulate his thoughts than the man in that sliver of moon .
“ You ’re nosy along with everything else . ”


“ You ’re always callin ’ me names .
Do n’t you like me one little bit ? ”


He laughed .
“ Ca n’t make up my mind .
I like your cooking .
I ca n’t get over how I just let you come in and take over . ”


“ That ’s easy to figure .
Your house needed a lot of soap and water .
So did Dorie .
No doubt that was in the back of your mind , ” Phoebe said , hopefully .
“ No doubt you took one look at me and decided I was good and strong and — ”


“ Nope , that ’s not what I thought . ”


“ Oh .
What did you think ? ”


“ That you were the scrawniest , tattered - looking human being I ’d seen since folks came out from under the last hurricane . ”


_Scrawny ?
Tattered ? _
Phoebe went rigid .
“ You must not think that now .
You ’re always trying to feel me up . ”


“ The hell I am ! ”


Phoebe registered the set of his jaw .
“ You like touchin ’ me .
You just wo n’t admit it . ”


He turned his head , facing her .
“ If I touched you , you ’d know you ’d been — Hell , you ’d break in two . ”


Her want of Gage came from a primitive urge .
It took on an intense quality , an urgency .
If she could talk him into — “ I would n’t .
I ’ m limber .
Size do n’t make no nevermind . ”


For a moment , they stared at each other .
In the starlight , Phoebe looked beautiful in a natural way .
There was an allure to her face , the shape enigmatic , her dark eyes glowing .
Gage jerked .


“ Phoebe , get away from me .
Go to bed . ”
He took a tobacco pouch from his pocket and began to refill the pipe .
He fumbled with it and dropped it .
“ I said , go in the house . ”


Phoebe went , her mind moving faster than her feet .
He wanted to do it .
He wanted to and was scared to .
She was scared herself .
But it was in the natural order of things , of life , the reason why Woman was put on earth .
If that was n’t so , then why had God made Eve for Adam ?
Her problem was that unlike Adam , Gage did n’t have anybody telling him Phoebe Hawley was the right woman for him .
Lor !
She had to do everything — even think for the man .
Planting ideas in Gage Morgan ’s head and getting them to grow had about as much chance of success as getting a rose to sprout in the desert .


She put on her nightdress and lay down on her bed .
Waiting .


_I ’ m going to do it . _


Her heart pounded so loud she could hear no other sound .


* * *


It was long after midnight when Gage made his way down the hall and closed the door to his room .
After midnight suited Phoebe .
It was no longer the Sabbath .
She had gotten through the Lord ’s Day without committing the sin of fornication and if she had her way , come next Sunday , why , she and Gage would be well into their understanding .
God favored understandings .
So did Ma .


She crept out of bed , padded barefoot down the hall and pressed her ear to Gage ’s bedroom door .
He coughed once .
The import of what she was about to do rolled over her .
Suddenly her face felt hot , her throat dry .
She jerked away from the door and went to the bathroom .
She wet her throat , splashed her face with cold water , and filled her cupped hands twice over to assuage her thirst .
It did n’t help much .
She was still warm all over .


She looked in on Dorie , on Maydean and Willie - Boy .
All were soundly asleep .
_Dern ! _ she thought indignantly .
When she needed a distraction , they just lay there curled up like a pack of God ’s little angels .


She went back to Gage ’s door , put her hand on the knob .
Gage would no doubt toss her out if she so much as took one step inside his room .
She was n’t his kind of woman .
She was freckled .
Skinny .
Scared .


What she was thinking about doing had the unreality of a dream .
What if she got naked and Gage laughed ?


What if he did n’t love her back ?


Her whole future hinged on that .


She took a deep breath and turned the knob , ready to flee at the slightest sound .
Her heart thudded so noisily she feared it would wake Gage .


Barefoot , she slipped inside the room , closing the door so that the latch did n’t click and aided by light from the sliver of moon creeping into the room above the humming air - conditioner made the trek from the threshold to the foot of his bed without notice .
He lay with his back to her , facing the window .
Phoebe tugged her gown over her head and dropped it on the floor .


Naked , she lay down on the bed .


Gage lifted his head .
“ What the — ”


“ It ’s just me , ” Phoebe whispered .


Gage reached over and switched on the bedside lamp .


Phoebe ’s courage shriveled .
She had n’t counted on light .
Lying down the way she was caused her breasts to go flat against her ribs , leaving hardly a mound to entice him .


He was staring at her over his shoulder , his lips parted in shock .


“ Turn that dern light off , ” she snapped .


The next instant they were in shadows again .
Phoebe scrabbled for the sheet , got under it .
Every nerve in her body throbbed to a savage beat .
She pressed her length against Gage .
He was as naked as she !
She felt every muscle in his body go rigid .


The unexpected sensation of his flesh next to hers was like nothing she ’d ever experienced .
It made lights go off behind her eyes .


“ Get out of my bed , ” Gage said , recovering his voice , but not his aplomb .


“ I just got in it , ” Phoebe managed , still dealing with the awakening sensations , awed that the mere act of lying next to Gage could cause so much havoc .
“ I feel like firecrackers are goin ’ off inside me .
Do n’t you ? ”


“ This wo n’t work . ”


“ Cause you ai n’t tryin ’ . ”
Her voice sounded odd to her own ears .
She put her hand on his chest , felt the wiry hair beneath her fingers .


* * *


Gage grasped her hand .
“ Stop . ”
The word stuck in his throat .
He could feel every inch of her that was pressed against him .
Skin and bone alike felt smooth and silky .
It took his breath away .


“ Turn loose my hand .
I want to see what you feel like . ”


“ Do n’t … ”
It was a futile plea .
He was burning internally with fires of long - suppressed passion .
“ I have n’t had a woman in a long time .
You — ”


“ That ’s good , ” Phoebe murmured .
“ I do n’t like a man that drops his drawers for — ”


Prudence found a crack in his sensory perceptions , slipping through .
“ Out ! ” he raged in a whisper , sitting up , attempting to roll out of Phoebe ’s reach .
She threw both arms around his neck , clinging with all her strength , her lithe body against his back .
His brain registered the warmth of her flesh , the sensuous smoothness , the rapid beat of her heart .
A guttural moan erupted from him .
“ Phoebe , stop .
This is insane .
We do n’t fit — ”


Phoebe heard the conviction go out of his tone .
“ We ’re not situated right .
Turn around . ”
She kissed the back of his neck .


“ We do n’t — ”


Her fingertips caressed his shoulders , feather - light strokes that trailed up the thick sinews of his neck and traced forward until she had explored his jaw , the shape of his lips .
She bent her head and touched the nape of his neck with her tongue .


“ Damn .
Oh damn … ”


Phoebe felt rather than heard the shape of his words on her fingers .
As he lay back , she cautiously moved her leg over his , over his thigh , brushing him with the soft inner side of her upper leg .


“ Lor ! ” she cried in astonishment .
“ Gage , is that your tallywhacker ? ”


Before he could protest , she had her hand down there .
Her fingers closed over him exploring , tracing its shape , its engorged length .
“ It ’s a miracle , the way body parts work , ” she said , full of wonder .


Her touch was sending delightful shocks racing down Gage ’s spine .
He struggled for an inner balance , for air .
His arms felt leaden , it seemed to take forever to move and clasp her hand to stop her .


“ You ca n’t … ” he panted .
His mind was numb , but far back in his brain , logic said he had crossed an emotional brink , told him he was plunging into something far more entangling than a casual liaison .
“ Just a minute …
Here , lie in my arms — ”


“ You sound like you ’re getting an attack of asthma . ”


“ An attack of something .
Keep still . ”


“ I ca n’t .
I can feel the hairs on your legs ticklin ’ me .
I wish I could explain how I feel inside .
Everything is circlin ’ , rockin ’ . ”
Like a tempest , she thought , when she could think , for his hand was moving slowly at her waist , over her hip , back to her waist .
Phoebe held her breath , expecting a comment about her bones , how little flesh covered them .
He applied slight pressure that drew her closer .
His kissin ’ lips were at her brow .
They felt warm , soft , like new cotton .
She did n’t dare move , and yet , she felt as if she were floating .


His lips moved down her face , touching her eyelids , her nose , the edge of her mouth , her lips .
He put his tongue in her mouth .
Shock gave way to a wave of blissful pleasure , and she relished the sensation for a few seconds .
Phoebe strained against Gage , but still she could not get close enough .
Her hands explored where he had forbidden .
A moan escaped him , the sound as if he were being tormented and tortured .
Then he was atop her .


She could feel him thrusting into the center of her being as if a floodgate had been opened .
Thrusting , attempting a deep invasion .
Strange heats burst inside her , little fires .
Her body seemed to know just what to do without any instructions .
Her hips rose up to meet his , to accept him fully .
She cried for him to press her harder .


Gage stopped in mid - thrust , a moment ’s bewilderment pulsing through him .
Clarity dawned and he felt perspiration break out on his arms and face .


“ You have n’t ever … ” he began , tight - jawed .


“ Please do n’t stop . ”
Phoebe arched her hips , flexing muscles that she had not known existed to keep him within her .


“ You should ’ve told me . ”
He began to withdraw .


Phoebe threw her legs about him , locking him inside her .
“ I told you I was limber .
Besides — ”


“ Phoebe … ”


“ It ’s the natural way between a man and a woman . ”


“ I ’ll hurt you . ”


“ You feel good ! ” she said with ferocity against a mounting panic that she had no feminine power with which to hold him to her .


Gage could feel his willpower unraveling .
He lowered his head and pressed his lips to her cheek , her earlobe .
“ Tell me if it hurts , and I ’ll stop . ”


“ I will , ” she promised , sighing as he again began to rock with an erotic rhythm that reached to every sinew and inch of flesh she owned .
Her virtue was now an alien and unwanted part of her body .
When the sharp pain came , she bit her lip .


The eagerness of her body hung suspended for an instant , then a sudden release of abundant happiness welled up in her .
She was out - and - out a woman now .
It could never be undone .
She closed her eyes and gave her entire being up to unmasking the heretofore mystery of sensual love .


* * *


Gage was lying with his elbow over his eyes .
Phoebe ’s body was aligned to his .
She was hugging herself , partly because the air seemed now to be unreasonably cool and partly because she did n’t want to let any of the good feelings out .
She was going over in her mind all that had happened .
Discovering to her dismay she could n’t recall every minute detail .


“ When do you reckon we ’ll do that again ? ” she asked , eager to fill in the gaps of recall .


Gage turned toward her , gently put his arm across her abdomen , wondering how he could have ever thought her skinny , when delicate was a much better description .
“ Too soon for you , I think . ”


‘ ‘ Well , what ’s proper ? ”


“ Proper would have been not doing it at all . ”


Phoebe snuggled beneath his arm , glad of the warmth , of the way his body shielded her from the icy blast of the air conditioner .
She was aware of dampness between her legs , but ignored it in favor of lying next to Gage .
She turned so that they lay face - to - face , hip - to - hip and ran her fingers through the hair on his chest .
She discovered his nipples .
She had an uncommon urge to take one in her mouth .
She put the shameful thought aside , swirling over the tips with her fingers instead .


“ Stop that . ”


“ I was just seein ’ if they ’re bigger than mine . ”


“ They are n’t . ”


“ They ’re gettin ’ hard ! ”
Suddenly , taking one into her mouth did n’t seem shameful at all .
She pressed her face to his chest , flicked her tongue out .


“ For crying out — ”


“ Ooooo , your tallywhacker ’s gettin ’ hard again , too . ”


“ Phoebe , that ’s enough .
I ’ve got to think , figure out where all this is leading .
I ’ve got to get some sleep .
You do , too .
Do n’t you have to take your crabs to Hank ’s ?
Phoebe … stop … ”


“ I just want to catch up on the parts I missed . ”


“ Missed ?
What ’re you talking … stop sucking … no … stop …
Damn , you ’re making me crazy . ”


“ Can I get on top ? ”
She pushed him back and , dragging the sheet with her and mounted him , loving the delicious slick and smooth feel of him sliding into her ; joyous that it now met no barrier .
“ Gage , is this proper or wanton , what I ’ m doin ’ ? ”


How could he tell ?
His blood had stopped circulating .
“ Wanton … ”


Phoebe had a sudden constricted feeling in her breast .
She leaned forward , her elbows digging into his chest .
“ Are you certain ? ”


“ No , ” he gasped .
“ It ’s proper .
Your elbows are killing me . ”


“ Oh .
Sorry . ”
She sat back , balancing herself , experimenting with the newly discovered muscles at the core of her femininity .
The activity elicited from Gage moans of pleasure .
“ What do I do now ? ” she asked after she was satisfied that she truly did have control over so intimate an area .


“ I ’ m not going to have the strength to get out of bed in the morning , ” Gage lamented , arching to press himself deeper , to plunder the velvety sheath .


Phoebe sighed .
“ I have so much strength , I could clean this house from top to bottom and paint it besides . ”
Exalted , she flexed her muscles .
“ Can you feel that ? ”


Gage placed his hands on her slender hips .
“ Phoebe , ” he ground out , “ hush up . ”


* * *


Phoebe was grateful that after Gage had gone to sleep she ’d crept back to her own bed .
She had overslept .
The sun was well up and she could hear the faint sounds of the television , of Maydean and Dorie arguing .
Lor !
What if they ’d found her in Gage ’s bed !
She hurried to the bathroom and showered quickly .


Dispensing with toweling dry , she yanked on pants and shirt .
She ached from scalp to toe .
She was n’t certain if anybody looking at her could tell what she had done last night , but she had to face Hank and Stout at the crab house .
She covered her body from head to toe , buttoning her shirt at neck and wrist .


Her face reflected in the mirror looked the same .
The mirror was lying .
She was different , she glowed inside .


She ran fingers through her tangled mass of hair , clipping it up as she hurried into the kitchen .
Dorie and Maydean sat at the table , cosmetics of every description spread out before them , much of it layered on Maydean ’s face .


“ Get that stuff off your face ! ”


“ But I ’ m practicing how to put it on , ” Maydean protested .
“ I told you , I want to enter that beauty contest . ”


“ You have to find a sponsor , ” Dorie said .


“ Throw that mess away . ”


Dorie slapped her hands protectively over the treasure trove of lipsticks , eye shadows , and tubes of mascaras .
“ No !
This belonged to my mother .
Daddy threw it out .
I snuck it out of the garbage .
You wo n’t tell him , will you , Phoebe ?
He ’ll be mad .
I keep it hidden under my bed . ”


“ I wo n’t tell him , but you ca n’t keep it hid if it ’s splattered all over Maydean .
Where ’s your pa , anyway ?
I got to get over to the crab house . ”


“ He went somewhere .
Willie - Boy went with him . ”


“ Who ’s watching TV ? ”


“ Nobody . ”


“ Wastin ’ electricity .
Go turn it off .
Then clean up this kitchen .
There ’s milk and cereal spilled from corner to corner . ”
She went out the door , headed to check on the crabs .


“ Daddy said to remind you to wash bed linens this morning , ” Dorie called .


Wash bed linens ?
Phoebe ’s face flamed .
The remains of her virtue were on those sheets .
Lor !
She raced back into the house .
Gage had rolled the sheets down to the foot of the bed .
Phoebe yanked them off .
In the laundry room , she started the washer and stuffed the linens into it , thankful she did n’t have to stand there with a pounding stick or run them through a wringer .


“ I ’ m goin ’ to sell my crabs now , ” she hollered as she made her way across the backyard .


“ Do n’t forget my share , ” Maydean yelled .


Anxiety rippled through Phoebe as she backed the truck up to the rear door of the crab house where the crabs were shoveled into baskets and weighed .
She must really be late .
Usually there was a line of crabbers , waiting their turn .
She banged on the door which brought Stout .
The supervisor looked Phoebe up and down and frowned .


“ What ’re you doing here , Hawley ? ”


“ Came to sell my crabs to Hank , ” Phoebe replied .
“ I think I got about eight baskets worth . ”


“ He ai n’t buying today . ”


“ He is , he told me . ”


“ He ai n’t .
He sent the pickers home . ”


Phoebe felt dread begin to work its way up through her gut .
She wanted to accuse Stout of lying , but no sound of laughter or radios came from the picking room , and she could see beyond Stout that the big steam vats were idle .


“ Why ?
Did he say why ? ”


“ He do n’t have to say why ; he ’s the boss .
You want to sell your crabs , you come back in the morning .
Early . ”


“ I got to sell ’ em today .
Who else buys crabs ? ”


Stout glanced over at Phoebe ’s catch .
“ None of the bigger houses are gonna mess with buying just that dab you ’re hauling .
And anyway , you want to sell to Hank , you got to sell to him exclusively .
He hears you sold elsewhere , he wo n’t buy from you , and you ’ll have to go clear across the drawbridge to sell . ”
Stout glanced past Phoebe to the crabs .
“ You better get some ice on those , some of ’ em are starting to go belly - up .
Hank do n’t buy dead or dying . ”


“ Do n’t worry , I aim to . ”


She ’d get Gage to take her wherever ice was to be had .
At the junkyard , she parked the truck in the shade , sprayed cool water over the crabs and went to find him .


“ He ’s not home yet , ” said Dorie .


Phoebe went to the welding shed to see if she could get her tag .
She ’d find the icehouse by herself .
The shed was padlocked on both ends .
She discovered the windows nailed shut from the inside .


She returned to the truck , tossed aside more dead crabs .
Those alive , did n’t try to pinch her even when she reached past them .
She hung out the wash , waited for Gage , sorted dead and dying crabs , fixed lunch , and went back outside .
She ’d try to find the icehouse , tag or no tag .
She climbed into the driver ’s seat and started the motor .
It sputtered .
The gas gauge read empty .
She was n’t defeated yet .
She would siphon gas from the car .


Both ends of the boatshed were locked .
It had no windows .
The whole world was conspiring against her , Phoebe thought , dejected .


When the sheets were dry , she made Gage ’s bed .
Next , she let down the tailgate of the truck and sat on it amid her catch of crab .
Dead and dying crab .


She was finished .
Up and finished before she even got started .
She tossed another dead crab onto the pile at her feet .


Fate was n’t abstract , it was something good , tangible , physical , her place in the world .
Fate meant escape from poverty .
It meant good - smelling soaps , regular meals , having her family at her side .
She did n’t see how she was going to deal with an absence of good fate .
Only last night she had become a woman .
She thought she had become invincible .
It must ’ve been a sin even if she had n’t done it on a Sunday .
She was being punished .


A one - clawed crab scooted over the tailgate , landed belly up , and did n’t move .
She wished she knew how to keep crabs from dying .


It was a balmy afternoon , not a cloud in the sky .
A breeze flicked at Phoebe ’s hair , the sun bore down .
She swatted at a swarm of humming gnats and gazed out at the junkyard , which held Gage Morgan ’s treasures .


The huge pile of dead crabs had begun to smell .


Miserable , Phoebe sniffed and contemplated her future .
Apathy was a stranger to Phoebe , but she was too dejected to resist .


An hour later , she watched Gage approach .
Light - headed with loss and defeat , she did n’t stir .


* * *


The odor stopped Gage several feet from the truck .
He eyed the pile of crabs over which flies buzzed and flitted .
Phoebe ’s cheeks were taut , the flesh made translucent by the sun .
She appeared so dejected Gage was taken aback .
Before him was not the Phoebe Hawley he ’d come to know .
That Phoebe would n’t let herself be caught sitting in the middle of crab rot with her blouse buttoned up to her gullet and no feistiness in evidence .
He paused long enough to take a shallow breath .
“ What happened ? ”


“ You can see what happened .
In case you ’re wonderin ’ , half of nothin ’ is nothin ’ . ”


Something twisted inside Gage .
“ Regardless of what you may think , I ’ m not the piper coming to collect too soon .
Are those tears I see ? ”


“ You see sweat ! ”


“ Oh .
Go in the house and wash up , why do n’t you ?
I ’ll bury this mess . ”


Phoebe did n’t budge .
“ I ca n’t pay any on the bumper . ”


Gage rocked on his heels , his eyes mocking .
“ Well , I ’d offer to take it out in trade , but between Hawley pride and Hawley elbows , I might end up like Hawley crabs . ”


“ This ai n’t no time for jokes !
If you ’d been here when I needed you , this would n’t ’ ve happened . ”


“ You needed me ? ”
His eyebrows rose .
“ That ’s a departure from Hawley independence . ”


“ I needed ice to save my crabs . ”


“ Ah .
Let me know when you need me for my own sake .
Things might take a turn for the better . ”
And before she discerned that he ’d laid his soul bare he rushed on .
“ I might consider fronting you the money for more bait , and a hundred pounds of ice should you need it .
I know a bit about crabbing , if you ’re willing to learn . ”


“ I ’ m not eating any more crow on account of you .
Besides , there probably ai n’t a blamed crab left in that canal . ”


“ If you ’re interested , I ’ll show you how to use the skiff , sink traps along the bayside of the marsh . ”


Phoebe ’s spirits lifted .
“ Get the bait and show me now . ”


“ Ca n’t .
I ’ m expecting a flatbed with a propeller that needs repair .
I ’ve got to open the shop . ”


To that , Phoebe applied the only bribe she owned .
“ Then you wo n’t find me in your bed tonight . ”


“ Suits me .
I have n’t recovered from last night . ”


Phoebe was unwilling to accept that she did not yet have a fixed and solid perch in his universe .
“ You appear recovered to me . ”


“ Do I ? ”
He recalled Phoebe ’s ravenous sexuality , the way she had arched above him , the delicate veins in her breasts .
He shook himself as if to shrug off a momentary enchantment .
“ Looks can be deceiving as I well know . ”


“ If you ’re so wobbly , how can you dig a hole ? ”
She leaped from the truck bed with offhand bravado .
“ I ’ll dig it .
It ’s my mess . ”


“ Suppose we do it together ? ”


Phoebe was conscious of a sudden need for him .
She drew back from it as if drawing back from a chasm .
“ I do n’t want any help from you .
Where ’s the shovel ? ”


Rebuffed , Gage kept his eyes fixed on Phoebe .
Last night , she had given him an extraordinary gift .
Now she was acting as if they ’d shared little more than a breakfast together .
Because of Phoebe the discipline he ’d exercised in staying celibate had evaporated .
The power she had gained over him in so short a time activated his ego and gave rise to an acid tongue .


“ Use your elbows , why do n’t you ? ” he sneered sweetly .
“ It ’ll go faster .
If anybody wants me , I ’ll be in the shop . ”


* * *


Phoebe mourned every time she dumped a wheelbarrow full of crabs into the trench she ’d dug in the soft ground near the canal edge .
It was like burying gold that had gone bad .


When finally she went into the house , she met with a racket that could have caused deafness .
Gage had followed one of her suggestions .
He ’d bought Dorie a dozen chicks .
The chicks were cheep - cheeping all over the house .
Doing other things , too .
Yelling and laughing , Dorie and Willie - Boy chased behind the yellow fluffs , enthralled .
Phoebe grabbed at Dorie when she scooted out from under the table .


“ Get the mop and clean up behind those animals .
This kitchen looks like a barnyard , smells like one , too .
Then put those biddies in their box and out on the porch . ”
Willie - Boy was rasping for air .
Phoebe made him lie down .


Maydean was above chicks .
She was parading around the house with a book on her head .


“ Phoebe , has my posture improved ? ”


“ Books are for the inside of your head , not the outside . ”


“ You ’re just jealous .
You ’d never win a beauty contest .
They would n’t even let you enter ! ”


“ They wo n’t you , either , not with a pair of shiners . ”


It was an empty threat .
The palms of Phoebe ’s hands were sore , with blisters rising .
She could n’t even make a fist to wave in the air .
Maydean was right .
Her mind touched on all of the proud and beautiful things she would never be .
Being clever had no beauty .
Work might have a kind of beauty , but it took its toll on the worker .
Love was supposed to be beautiful , but Gage had scorned it .
Between his appeal and his menace , she was trapped .
Love was on the side of the devil .
She slid into a chair , folded her arms , and laid her head upon them .


The book slid from Maydean ’s head .
“ Phoebe !
What ’s wrong ? ”


“ I ’ m tired .
Tired of worry .
Tired of work .
Tired .
Tired .
Tired . ”


Maydean wrinkled her nose .
“ You stink , too . ”


A sob escaped Phoebe .


The cry so startled Maydean she blurted : “ You go take a bath and lie down .
I ’ll cook supper . ”


In her frame of mind , the suggestion held too much appeal for Phoebe to resist .


* * *


“ How much flour do I use to make biscuits ? ”


Drowsily , Phoebe came half out of the pleasant dream she was having .
“ Two cups . ”


A minute later Maydean was back .
“ How much lard ? ”


Phoebe opened her eyes .
The dreamy truckload of crabs disappeared entirely .
“ A cup . ”


“ Then what ? ”


“ Then I get up and cook lest we starve , ” said Phoebe .


“ You feel like it ? ”


“ Go put your book on your head and sit in front of the TV , Maydean . ”


“ I was only trying to help , ” the girl said on an aggrieved note .


Gage put his head in the door .
“ Are you sick ? ”
His expression was one of alarm , exposed for only an instant .
Maydean scooted around him and disappeared .


“ I ca n’t find the time to be sick , ” Phoebe stated .
She sat up and shoved her feet into her sandals .


“ Did you get overheated ?
You should ’ve worn a hat . ”


Phoebe was wearing a thin shirt and the new blue shorts .
She looked all legs .
All limber legs .


“ I did n’t get overheated , I got mad .
I came in here to get mad by myself . ”


“ Maydean ’s making a mess in the kitchen , ” he said lamely .


Phoebe ran her fingers through her hair .
“ I figured I ought to leave it like I found it . ”


There was a long time without sound , though neither of them noticed it .


“ You ’re still mad at me , ” he said with a drop in vigor .


“ I ’ m not mad .
Ha ha .
See , I ’ m happy . ”
She almost was , what with all the attention she was getting from him .
Her cynicism melted as she tracked the great strength of his arms , his torso .


“ You ’ve overdone it .
Do n’t cook .
I ’ll go after hamburgers and fries .
Oh , here ’s a letter that came for you .
I meant to give it to you earlier . ”


“ A letter ? ”
Anger , dismay , the stirrings of desire flew out of Phoebe .
Her throat tightened .
“ From who ? ”


“ Maybe those folks who ’re holding that job for you ? ”
He glanced at the return address .
“ It ’s from a Hawley . ”


Ma !
Phoebe could feel her body played upon by currents of hysteria and fear .
Ma would never write unless something terrible had happened .
A hundred expressions struggled beneath the surface of her features but were erased before Gage could decipher their meaning .


“ It was one of my cousins that had the job for me . ”


“ Biblical ? ” he scorned lightly .


There was a sudden stubborn reserve in Phoebe ’s eyes .
She closed the distance between them , snatched the letter from him .
“ If you ’re going after burgers , go ! ”


“ You ’re back to normal . ”


“ I ’ m always normal . ”
She pushed him out the door and slammed it .


Once alone , a leaden feeling settled over her .
She had the fatalistic sense of being drawn from one wrong turning to another .


With trembling hands , she opened the letter .
No one had died .
No one was hurt , but Erlene had taken Vinnie ’s baby for a walk , sat him down along the way , and returned home without him .
Then forgot where she ’d walked .
A neighbor had brought the baby home .
To preserve his marriage , her brother Joey was loaning Ma the bus fare out of his paycheck on the Friday after rent week .
Ma and Pa and Erlene were to arrive in Bayou La Batre the Saturday after rent week .


Phoebe roamed about the room swallowing back panic .
Life was playing a practical joke on her .
She reread the last line .
Saturday after rent week .
Lor !
Joey got paid every two weeks .
Today was Monday .
She had two weeks less two days to make things right , to get the crab business flourishing and cash in hand .


The letter revived her feel for possibilities .
For survival .
Her brain began to whirl with ideas .


Uppermost was an understanding with Gage .
She had to manage it .
In and out of bed , she ’d be nice .
She would n’t allow an unkind word to pass her lips .


* * *


They picnicked on the back porch , feeding scraps of flimsy French fries and breadcrumbs to the chicks .
The sun was getting lower and lower on the horizon , painting the bay golden .
In the distance , shrimp boats tied to bulwarks and fat stanchions lined the canal , tall booms casting shadows and nets hanging like spiderwebs gone awry .
Phoebe eyed the crab traps stacked near the estuary on a bit of flotsam the incoming tide washed ashore .
The tide also brought a freshening breeze , staving off the flurry of gnats and mosquitoes .
A school of fish surfaced in the estuary and the youngsters raced to the rickety pier to watch .
Phoebe was glad to see the back end of them so she could be alone with Gage .


“ I reckon I was too upset this afternoon to take you up on your offer of teachin ’ me to crab right , ” she said in her sweetest tone .
“ I was just disappointed that I could n’t pay you . ”


“ That was a fine catch to lose . ”


“ You ’ll help me set traps tomorrow ? ”


“ I ’ m a man of my word . ”


Phoebe beamed at him .
“ A lot of men ai n’t .
They tell a woman one thing and do another .
And I appreciate you being so good to Willie - Boy , takin ’ him with you today and all . ”
She hoped her invention of good humor was splattering all over him like shower water .


“ Willie - Boy ’s no trouble . ”


“ Maydean is .
You sure tolerate her well .
I suppose it ’s ’ cause you ’re doing such a good job with Dorie . ”


“ That ’s not what you said earlier . ”
He took out his pipe and began to fill it .


“ I know you better now .
I see how hard you work to provide for her .
Kids ai n’t easy to raise .
You being widowed , why , I reckon you ’re doing the best you can .
You want a beer ?
I ’ll get it for you . ”


“ I do n’t want a beer .
I need to keep my head clear . ”


“ Why ? ”


“ Because I have the feeling I ’ m tangling with a wildcat , and I ’ m bound to get clawed . ”


“ What wildcat ? ”


“ You . ”


“ I ai n’t mean ! ”


“ What have you got in store for me ? ”


Phoebe canted an innocent look at him .
“ Why , nothin ’ .
Lor !
What a thing to say . ”


“ Speaking of saying , what news did that letter bring ? ”


Phoebe ’s mouth went dry .
“ The job ai n’t come open yet .
Maybe next week , but most likely the week after .
You mind us hangin ’ around till then ? ”


“ I do n’t know if I mind or not . ”


Phoebe felt her heart collapsing in upon itself .
“ You do n’t ? ”


“ I do n’t . ”


“ Is it because Maydean stays in front of the bathroom mirror ?
I ’ll tan her hide — ”


“ It has nothing to do with Maydean . ”


“ Willie - Boy aggravated you . ”


Gage shook his head .


Phoebe distilled their conversation and came away enlightened .
It was herself !
She could n’t bear it now that they were so intimately connected , which made her recall certain body parts disappearing when she laid flat on her back .
Fear had its own seduction and she could n’t help saying , “ You do n’t like me because I ai n’t got a handful of skin anywhere . ”


That almost brought a smile to his lips , but then he pursed them and shook his head .


Phoebe watched Gage fill his pipe , strike a match , put fire to the tobacco , and go off somewhere in his own mind .
She did like a thinking man .
But it would n’t do her an ounce of good if he was remembering Velma ’s infidelity .
Memories like that could jaundice the way a man thought about women .


“ Then why do n’t you know ?
I know .
I like it here .
And I got you to take pride in your place .
I ’ m good for you .
And , Dorie , why she likes me now . ”


“ You ’re a fast worker , I ’ll hand you that . ”


Phoebe was nonplussed with the recognition that Gage held himself apart from her .
Suddenly , as if she had willed it , there were dark circles of exhaustion under her eyes ; the dark accentuating her eyes , which gleamed as though what was left of her vitality had centered itself in their depths .


The sole dignity left to her was to act as if she did n’t care .


“ I ’d better get those chicks in the shack .
Like as not , we ’ll have to rig up something to keep out chicken hawks . ”


“ They should be okay in that box at night for a week or ten days .
I ’ll fix the coop .
Maybe next weekend or the week after . ”


The week after .
Phoebe shuddered .
_Our Father , save us_ , she prayed .


She bedded down the chicks , placing an old piece of window screen over the box and anchored the screen with a brick .
Two hours later , she bedded down her own brood .
She was nothing if not a positive thinker , and she meant to spend the night with Gage .
But lying in her own bed , waiting for the house to settle , she fell soundly asleep .
She awoke at dawn , and then it was too late , for Gage was already up .
She could smell the coffee percolating .


She dressed quickly and fingers flying , braided her hair which was as close as she ever came to taming it .
Gage was n’t in the kitchen or anywhere else about the house .
She discovered him down by the canal .
He ’d moved the skiff from its storage blocks into the water and was installing a small motor .


“ I ’ll help you , ” she said , coming up behind him .


Gage started .
“ Do n’t sneak up on me like that . ”


“ I did n’t sneak . ”
He had n’t yet shaved .
His face was drawn .
Phoebe worried that she was becoming too much of a burden .
“ You do n’t have to show me how to run that boat .
I can figure it out for myself . ”


“ I said I ’d show you and I will . ”


“ You look like it pains you .
Anyway , you ’re not responsible for me .
I can learn the crab business by myself . ”


Gage finished with the motor and stepped ashore .
“ You ever run a boat before ? ”


“ I ’ m a quick study . ”


He took her arm .
“ Let ’s go back to the house .
It ’ll be an hour before the bait shop opens . ”


Phoebe allowed him to propel her along .
It was wonderful to have him touching her , even if it was just her arm .


* * *


They sat together on the back - porch steps , sipping coffee , watching the sunrise .


“ If I was back home and the mills had n’t closed , I ’d be at work now , ” Phoebe said .


“ Why is it you have the care of Maydean and Willie - Boy ?
Are your parents ill ?
Or did you have a falling out and run off with your brother and sister ? ”


“ Not exactly , ” said Phoebe , treading delicate ground .


Gage cast a glance at her .
“ Not exactly ?
Either they ’re ill or they ’re not .
Either you had a falling out or you did n’t . ”


“ Well , for sure , the falling out was with Vinnie , my sister - in - law . ”


“ And what about your parents ?
For sure ? ”


Phoebe cleared her throat .
“ They live with my brother Joey and Vinnie .
Erlene does too .


“ Erlene ? ”


“ My other sister .
She suffered a fever , ” added Phoebe , which was as close as she dared to hinting that Erlene was loose - minded .


“ So there ’s a whole clan of you Hawleys loose on the world .
By any chance did the rest of your family lose their jobs when the mills closed down ? ”


“ We ’re good folks , hard workers every one .
Ma and Pa have the care of Erlene and I ’ve the care of Willie - Boy and Maydean .
That ’s just the way it worked out .
Even Steven , three and three . ”


“ I ’ m getting the picture now . ”


“ What picture ? ”


“ You ’re scouting . ”


“ I do n’t know what you mean . ”


“ I think you do .
Willie - Boy said you were supposed to find a place .
He meant for your whole family . ”


‘ ‘ There ai n’t nothin ’ wrong with that ! ”


“ What ’s wrong with it is you took one look at me and thought I was a pushover .
I let you in .
I ’ve figured out how your mind works .
You think you can sweeten me up , and I ’ll let the Hawley clan move in on me .
That ’s what getting in my bed was all about . ”


“ I never thought that !
Not for one minute !
My aim is to make enough money to set Ma and Pa up in their own place . ”


“ You ’re a good daughter . ”
His voice dripped sarcasm .


“ I came to you because I wanted you .
You ’re the first man I ever saw I wanted .
Ma and Pa did n’t have anything to do with it .
It was me .
By myself .
Why if Ma knew what I ’d done , she ’d be scandalized . ”


“ And your pa would show up aiming a shotgun . ”


“ Pa has bad knees .
He ’s past hunting and guns .
And anyway , he could n’t make me take up with a man I do n’t want . ”


“ Pity the poor man . ”


In the growing light , Gage ’s profile was angular , strong .
Moving outside her dismay , Phoebe noted how finely made were his ears .
She reached up and stroked the outer curl .
“ Let ’s not fuss .
I meant to come to you last night — ”


He grabbed her wrist and put her hand back onto her knee .
“ I ’ m going after that bait .
Now that I ’ve got you figured , your success means as much to me as it does to you .
I ’ve got enough expense keeping up the yard and Dorie . ”


“ You do n’t want to talk about what we did . ”


“ That ’s right .
And I do n’t want you creeping into my room in the middle of the night again , either . ”


Phoebe was scared she knew what he meant .
It threw a flush into her brain .
“ I ai n’t up to doin ’ it in the daylight yet , ” she said , goaded by the need to keep the conversation , the intimacy , intact .
But he was draining his cup , anxious to leave .
“ Gage .
Do n’t go yet .
I like sittin ’ here with you .
I get the most funny feelin ’ in my stomach just lookin ’ at you and rememberin ’ .
This mornin ’ when I woke up and thought of you , I felt like I was hatchin ’ a passel of moths . ”


“ Phoebe , stop it .
I like what you ’re trying to do to better yourself .
You ’ve got more grit than any ten women I know .
It ’s your gall that ’s getting to me . ”


“ I ’ m payin ’ my way .
Gall do n’t have nothin ’ to do with it . ”


“ Look me in the eye and tell me you were n’t planning a coup . ”


Phoebe did n’t know what a coup was .
She looked him in the eye .
“ I ai n’t . ”


“ So I ’ m not going to come in the house one night and find three more Hawleys invited to dinner ? ”


Blood drained from Phoebe ’s face .
“ It ’s your house .
You ’d have to do the invitin ’ .
Gage — do n’t you like me one little bit ?
Personal ? ”


He emitted a self - deprecating laugh .
“ Phoebe , women do n’t often stay with the first man they ’ve known sexually .
Not these days .
Once the excitement wears off , the illusion of love is hard to maintain .
No one knows that better than myself . ”


Phoebe heard the word love and leaned into his space .
“ I hope you ai n’t comparing me to Velma .
Love is no illusion .
Love is real .
I can taste it . ”


“ Oh , hell ! ”
Gage said doggedly .
“ Look , I ’ll be back inside an hour . ”


Phoebe raced through the house to watch him out the gate .
The truck paused , and she thought for an instant Gage was going to back up , return to her .
The truck pulled away .
She let the curtain drop .


She had given him a unique part of herself .
In return , he had shown her a secret wonder of life , proved its existence .
But now …
_ “ I make the biggest mistakes , ” _ she cried forlornly into the air .


* Chapter 7 Chapter 7 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 7


Phoebe made up her mind .
She was going to brazen it out .
Ma and Pa and Erlene were arriving Saturday a week and that was that .
No doubt there were rooms to be had , or a house nearby .
She ’d just have to hoard her crab money to pay for it .


Gage was a matter of the heart .
She had to convince him of her love .
He did n’t like gall .
For him . she ’d purge every drop .
The Bible said _the meek shall inherit the earth_ .
If the Good Book said it was so , she reckoned she ’d take a stab at it .


An hour later , Gage was acting like a grizzly with a toothache , which had the effect of making meek more difficult to come by than anger .
Phoebe squatted amid a plethora of plastic rope and corks .


Gage chuffed , exasperated .
“ If you tie it like that , you ’ll lose the float .
Then you wo n’t know where the traps are .
This time , pay attention . ”
He demonstrated an anchor knot for the third time .


Phoebe tied the knot .
“ When you have time , I want you to show me how to tie a hangman ’s knot .
I might find a use for it . ”


He glowered at her .
“ You want to trade tit for tat , or learn to crab ? ”


“ Crab . ”
She moved to the next trap and attached the float .
Gage towered over her like an angry giant .
She completed the task on the remaining traps .
“ Now what ? ”


“ You missed one . ”


“ That ’s thirteen .
It ’s bad luck . ”


“ It ’s stupid .
Crabbing is crabbing , the more traps you have — ”


“ Bad luck is bad luck .
I ai n’t courtin ’ it .
Can I ask you a personal question ? ”


“ You ’re going to ask it whether I permit it or not . ”


“ Are you constipated ?
Bein ’ stopped up can cause a body to be in fearful moods .
I can make a really good castor oil — ”


Gage closed his eyes and ground out an obscene word .


“ That ’s exactly what warm castor oil will make you do . ”


“ I ’ m not in a mood ! ”


Phoebe expelled a disconsolate sniff .
“ Where ’s the bait ?
I got a notion somebody miswrote a passage in the Bible .
I want to get out on the water and ponder on it . ”


The five - gallon tub of crab bait smelled worse than dead crabs .


“ You mean to tell me you paid good money for that slop ? ”


“ It ’s called chum .
You want to catch crabs or not ? ”
Gage scooped up a can of chum and dropped it into the bait pocket .
“ Think you can manage from here on out ? ”


Phoebe allowed that she could .
Dorie could n’t be pried from the chicks , Maydean from staring at her reflection , so Willie - Boy accompanied her in the boat .
Gage had scrounged up some musty straw hats , and these they wore against the glimmer of bright sun on the water .


He watched her push away from the shore .
“ Remember what I said .
When you set a trap , just throttle back on the motor , you do n’t have to shut it off . ”


“ I reckon I know about motors .
It ca n’t be much different from driving a truck . ”


“ This is exciting , ai n’t it , Phoebe ? ”


“ Keep still Willie - Boy .
You ’ll turn us over . ”
It was a flat - bottomed skiff and sturdy , but Phoebe was taking no chances .
She ’d never ridden in a boat before .
One hand on the throttle , she turned back to wave at Gage and met his astringent gaze .
The boat somehow got off direction and nosed hard into the opposite bank .
Phoebe jolted forward , knocking one of the three traps stacked on the bow into the shallow water .


“ Watch where you ’re going ! ”
Gage yelled .
Phoebe hauled the trap back aboard , grabbed a paddle , and pushed away from the shore .
She tried the throttle , getting the feel for the rudder .
Now she had the hang of it .
She could feel Gage ’s eyes on her still .


“ You can swim , ca n’t you ? ”


She had had meek up to her eyeballs .
She only wanted the junkyard and its owner , not the entire earth .
“ No , but when I get back you can teach me how to walk on water ! ”


“ Your face is bleedin ’ , Phoebe .
If we sink , the sharks will eat you . ”


She swiped at the scratch on her face with the tail of her shirt .
“ Face forward , Willie - Boy , a shark ai n’t gonna stop me now . ”


It was thrilling being in charge of her fate again , being in business for herself — the right way .
It took four trips to set out all the traps along the outer strip of marsh that separated the canal from the bayou and the bayou from the bay .
Each time she dropped a trap overboard , Phoebe waited breathlessly for the marker float to come bobbing up .
Each did .
She could almost feel the crisp dollars that Hank would count into her hand .


When she cut the motor , stepped out and dragged the boat anchor deep on land , she felt life was wonderful again .


She still needed gas for the truck , but now she knew where to get it ; in the five - gallon can that Gage kept for the lawnmower .
She poured half of it into the truck and ran the motor a few minutes .


She walked down to the crab house to make sure Hank was buying crabs the next morning .
He was .
Got all my ducks in a row this time , Phoebe thought .


Essie called to her from the picking room .
Phoebe sidestepped Stout before the supervisor could stop her .


“ The church is sponsoring a trip to Bellingrath Gardens for the kids tomorrow .
They have to bring their own lunch .
You want yours to go ?
I can tell the bus driver to pick them up . ”


“ I do n’t have to tag along ? ”


“ No , that ’s the wonderful part .
Sunday school teachers are takin ’ ’ em .
Ten to about three in the afternoon . ”


“ I would n’t mind gettin ’ the hellions off my hands for a few hours , ” Phoebe agreed .


“ So you can have that hunk all to yourself ? ”
Essie said slyly .


“ What hunk ? ”


“ Gage Morgan . ”


The seafood house was n’t sacred ground .
Phoebe chanced calumny .
“ We ’re distant cousins . ”


“ He would n’t answer any questions about you , either , ” purred Essie .


“ You did n’t pry when I worked with you .
How come you ’re doin ’ it now ? ”


“ I never got the chance before .
Work , work , work , that ’s all you had a mind to do .
He ’s prime ai n’t he ? ”


“ Are folks talkin ’ ? ”


“ Not so ’s you ’d notice .
They ’re watching , though .
Especially since he brought you to church , and in Velma ’s car . ”


“ Velma ’s dead . ”


“ Ai n’t she though . ”
Essie grinned .


“ That ’s enough , ” announced Stout .
“ Essie , you here to pick or gab ? ”


Essie went back to work .
Phoebe walked home , fierce determination in every step .
Hawleys had always had an upstanding reputation .
Phoebe shuddered to think what Ma would say if she arrived and got wind of such sly innuendo .
Ma never did think it was her own who had a failing ; what she ’d have to say she ’d say to Gage and ruin everything .
Not that she was thinking bad about Ma , who loved her .
No , it was just — Ma was Ma .


At the entrance to the yard , Phoebe stopped and inspected her domain .
One of these days she was going to coax Gage to move all the junk away from the path that led to the house .
The grass around the homestead , now that it could accept sunshine , was turning green .
The fence still leaned , and the few slats that Willie - Boy had painted stood out like sore thumbs .
It was time , Phoebe decided , that Gage knew just how helpful she could be outside of cooking and cleaning — and other things .


“ This afternoon , ” she told the children after lunch , “ we ’re gonna fix the fence , then paint it and the front porch . ”


Willie - Boy was offended .
“ I already painted the fence .
Mr .
Gage said I did a fine job . ”


“ You did , Willie - Boy , as far as you went , but it needs a second coat . ”


Maydean balked .
“ I ca n’t work in the sun .
It ’s bad for my complexion .
I do n’t want to end up freckled like you . ”


“ Freckles do n’t ruin the texture of skin , Maydean , but Brillo pads do .
Which is what it ’ll take to clean yours if you keep slathering on all that gunk .
Dorie , you got any objections ? ”


“ Can my chicks play in the front yard and keep me company ? ”


Phoebe nodded .
“ Now , if you kids work good , you ’ll not only get an allowance , but tomorrow I ’ll let you go on a field trip with your Sunday school classes . ”


“ A whole day away from you ?
I ’ll do it , ” piped Maydean .
“ If you ’ll let me wear mascara .
All the other girls — ”


“ Ai n’t Hawleys .
An allowance and the trip , or you can stay home and help me wash windows .
That ’s my final word .
Get your hat , Willie - Boy , you can show me where Gage keeps the paint . ”


“ I ’ll have to wear my hat tomorrow , too .
My gum patch ai n’t growed out . ”


* * *


It was a hot , sweaty , productive , and glorious afternoon .
The fence stood straight , each slat gleaming white ; the porch railings got white paint and its floor glistened green .
Phoebe sent the kids to wash up while she went to get Gage .
She helloed from the entrance to the machine shop lest he accuse her of sneaking again .


“ Am I disturbing you ? ”


“ You are . ”


“ I got my crab traps out . ”


“ I know . ”


“ Me and the kids fixed the fence and painted the porch . ”


“ You did n’t have to do that . ”


“ It looks nice . ”


“ I ’ m sure it does . ”


“ You ’re actin ’ more grudgin ’ than Maydean . ”


He set aside a huge wrench , picked up another and inspected it .
“ You ’re trying to obligate me to you , Phoebe .
I ’ m not going to let it happen . ”


“ I ai n’t !
I just wanted to do something nice .
You ’ve been good to us — to me .
Better than any — ”


He held up his hand .
“ I do n’t want to hear it .
Cleaning , cooking , painting … ”
He made it sound like a crime .
“ You ’re trying to worm your way into my life . ”


“ You ’re comparin ’ me to a worm ? ”


“ It ’s just a figure of speech . ”


“ I ai n’t no figure of speech .
I ’ m a person .
You did n’t think I was no figure of speech the other night .
You did n’t — ”


In one swoop he tossed aside the wrench , grasped Phoebe by her shoulders and shook her , not ungently .
“ Hush , damn it .
I ’ m not trying to hurt your feelings .
You have your life and I have mine .
They do n’t dovetail .
That ’s all I ’ m trying to say . ”


Her freckles were subdued by a healthy red - brown tan .
The straw hat framed her face , paint spatters and a small scratch gave it a gamin quality .


Phoebe liked his hands on her .
A trembling feeling went all through her .
Lor !
She had to lock her knees so her bones would hold up her skin .
He dropped his hands to his sides .


“ The truth is I ’ve never met anyone like you . ”


Phoebe marshaled her pride .
“ That ’s your bad luck . ”


Gage shook his head as if he ’d suddenly lost track of their conversation .
Every sharp word to Phoebe had sputtered and backfired .
“ You have a point . ”


She caught the subtle change in his tone and eyed him warily .
“ You ’re not mad anymore ? ”


“ Only at myself .
Come on , show me what you ’ve been up to so I can be suitably appreciative . ”


“ It looks really good from the road , ” Phoebe said as Gage inspected the improvements .


“ So good it ’ll shame me into painting the rest of the house and maybe even the cash shack up at the gate . ”


“ Sometimes people own a thing , and get so used to it they do n’t know what they ’ve got . ”
She sighed wistfully .
“ You ’ve got a whole world here , Gage .
A whole world . ”


“ And you ’d like to get your grubby little hands on it , would n’t you ? ”


It was a neatly baited hook .
Phoebe cruised around it .
“ I do n’t covet .
The Bible speaks against it .
I only said what I did because you let it run down and it goes against my nature to see a thing wasted .
Dorie did her share , in case you want to make mention of it . ”


“ I do n’t know if I can bear up under all these lessons in child - rearing I ’ m getting . ”


“ You ’re a good father , ” Phoebe said earnestly .
“ Like as not you ’d do well to have three , four more . ”


His diaphragm seemed suddenly to swell , choking off his windpipe .
“ Back to work for me , ” he croaked .


Phoebe fanned her face with the brim of the old straw hat .
“ I ’ll send Willie - Boy to call you for supper . ”


* * *


Paint , polish , and sophistication had never been Phoebe ’s long suit and she knew it .
But she was willing to use any magic , acquired or bought that would swing Gage around to her way of thinking .


Once the house was quiet , she slipped into Dorie ’s room and dragged from beneath the bed the shoebox full of cosmetics and scents .
Behind the locked bathroom door , she pawed through it .
Eye shadow made her look as if she ’d run into a door ; she scrubbed it off .
Mascara made her eyes sting .
She tried a bit of glossy lipstick , which made her lower lip appear set in a permanent pout .
Not the image she wanted to present to Gage .
She found a vial of Wild Flower Musk and tried a drop on her wrist .
It made her smell better than soap .
Satisfied , she put some on her neck .
A thought stopped her before she had her hand on the doorknob .
Velma ’s cosmetics .
Velma ’s scent .
She smelled like Velma .
She did n’t want Velma on Gage ’s brain .
She washed it off .


She returned the box to Dorie ’s room and tiptoed back to her own .
She sat in the dark and waited for the line of light beneath Gage ’s door to go out .
When it did , she counted to five hundred .
She did n’t want him to be wide awake .


She got as far as the foot of his bed .
The lamp snapped on .


“ Out ! ”


“ I just want to talk . ”


Eyeing her with the wariness of a cornered fox , he adjusted a pillow against the headboard and leaned into it .
“ About what ? ”


“ I ’ m embarrassed to say . ”
She sat on the foot of the bed .


“ You have n’t been embarrassed since you were two days old .
But if it makes you uncomfortable to say , why do n’t you just keep it to yourself ? ”


Phoebe picked at the sheet that lay over his shinbone .
“ Remember the other night ? ”


“ My mind ’s blank . ”


Phoebe scoured him with a look she usually saved for Maydean , hoping he was tripping over his own tongue .
She could n’t figure what to do except press on .
“ I do all right in the daytime , because I keep busy .
But as soon as it gets dark , I start thinkin ’ about it .
I ca n’t stop thinkin ’ about it . ”
She let her hand fall in the area of his knee .
“ Gage , I get so airy .
If I were a balloon , I ’d burst .
Did you notice at supper ?
I could hardly swallow for — ”


“ You ’re worried about your appetite ? ”


Phoebe lowered her lashes .
This was n’t going at all the way she planned .
“ I can go without food for days on end . ”


“ Good , that ’ll save on groceries . ”


“ Why ’re you making this so hard for me !
Okay .
You want me to eat crow ?
I ’ m here to eat crow .
Can I get under the covers ? ”


“ No . ”


“ I ’ m taking off my nightgown . ”


“ Do n’t do that . ”


Phoebe eyed the sheet at the juncture of his thighs .
She discerned a bit of activity there .
She let her hand slide from his knee to the inside of his thigh .
“ Do n’t you remember how good it felt ? ”


“ If we keep on , we ’re going to be in over our heads — emotionally . ”


“ I wo n’t be in over my head .
I know what I want .
I want to do it again . ”
Out of the corner of her eye , Phoebe saw the sheet rise .
Pretending her hand was an alien appendage over which she had no control she drew wider and wider circles with a fingertip on his thigh .
Her hand brushed the part of his anatomy that kept moths fluttering in her stomach every time she thought about it .


The cords on his neck stood out .
“ Stop teasing me . ”


She scooted up on the bed , picked up his hand , traced the callouses , then pressed his hand to her cheek .
“ I want you so much .
Tell me you do n’t want me the same way .
Make your tallywhacker go down . ”


He tried to laugh and failed .
“ I ca n’t , damn it .
You know I ca n’t .
You ’re a witch .
Sex is new to you .
I want you to think about when the magic wears off .
What happens if you find someone you like better ?
Or — ”


Phoebe paled .
“ You gotta quit comparin ’ me with you - know - who .
Besides , I ai n’t gettin ’ naked for anybody else .
It took all the gumption I had to get naked for you . ”


Gage broke down and let her in .
“ Who wins against you ? ”
He slid his hand behind her neck and pulled her to him .
Phoebe ’s heart pounded and her breath sighed past his ear .
He enclosed her in his arms and held her , not moving for long minutes .
“ You sound so convincing , ” he said despairingly and buried his face in her hair .


Phoebe ’s arms crept up around his neck .
She lifted her face , her lips hovering above his so their breaths mingled .
“ Will you kiss me ?
Put your tongue in my mouth like you did the other night ? ”


Her lips parted and he tasted her sweet mouth , his tongue explored , thrust against hers .
Phoebe sucked .
He gasped .
His arms tightened , then his hand began to travel ; he slid her gown up and she felt his questing hand begin to roam over her flesh , felt his hand seek out and touch the pulsating flesh that made her woman .
“ Gage ! ” she whispered , stunned .


“ Just giving you an idea of what you ’ve put me through . ”


A shiver meandered down her spine .
“ I like it . ”
Her voice was barely audible .


Gage snapped off the bedside lamp .
“ Let ’s see what else we can do that you like . ”


“ And then it ’ll be my turn ? ”
Her voice was hoarse .


“ If I ’ m not dead . ”


* * *


Phoebe stretched and purred , “ I ’ m learnin ’ so much about love . ”


“ So am I , ” said Gage .
He was half asleep .


“ You know everything , you ’ve been married .
Imagine being able to do it anytime you wanted .
It ’d be heaven . ”


“ Being married does n’t guarantee a good sex life . ”


Phoebe accepted that as an admission of the weakness of his own marriage .
She knew all she wanted to know about Velma .
She did n’t want Gage dwelling on the bad aspects of marriage .
She wanted to feel him out on the idea of marrying her , but she could n’t think of the right thing to say .
Instead she nestled close and nibbled on his ear .
“ Have you noticed how much Dorie has got to likin ’ me ?
She likes Maydean and Willie - Boy , too .
I ’ll bet she ’ll like Ma and Pa and Erlene a lot . ”


“ Probably , ” Gage said drowsily .


Phoebe stopped nibbling .
Probably .
That was n’t exactly an invite .
She was stumped .
Coming right out and asking might get a resounding no . “ Gage , do we have an understandin ’ ? ”


“ Like how ? ”


“ Between you and me ? ”


“ Maybe .
Time will tell . ”


“ How much time ? ”


“ I do n’t know .
I ca n’t see into the future . ”


Phoebe could .
She could see ten days ahead to Saturday and her whole life falling apart again .


“ I suppose we could have Ma and Pa and Erlene visit , could n’t we ?
Ma would want to meet the man I take up with permanent . ”


He adjusted his pillow , buried his face in it .
“ Oh ?
I have to pass muster now ? ” came to her muffled .


“ You would .
Do n’t worry .
Ma would be pleased as punch to meet you .
And then she could look for a house in Bayou La Batre . ”
She waited for a response .
None came .
“ Gage , are you asleep ? ”


“ I ’ m trying . ”


Phoebe snuggled against his back .


“ You ’re just gonna love all the Hawleys . ”


“ Not if they want to talk all night . ”


“ You want me to hush ? ”


“ That ’s the nicest suggestion you ’ve made all evening . ”


“ It ai n’t .
We already did the nicest . ”


“ I ’ m begging you … ”


Phoebe curled an arm over his abdomen and let her hand trail down to cradle his manhood .
“ G ’ night . ”


Gage ’s drowsiness sloughed away .
“ Oh , damn . ”


* Chapter 8 Chapter 8 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 8


“ Your lunches are bagged and on the table in the living room , ” said Phoebe .
“ Do n’t forget them . ”


“ Where ’s our drink money ? ”


Phoebe passed out money to each .
“ Do n’t lose it .
Willie - Boy , you know what you ’re supposed to do ? ”


“ Do n’t run .
Do n’t fight .
Do n’t get lost .
Do n’t talk with my mouth full . ”


“ Dorie ? ”


“ Same thing . ”


“ Maydean ? ”


“ Watch the brats . ”


“ Get nice or get back in your room . ”


Maydean flounced .
“ Be ladylike . ”


“ Okay .
Finish breakfast and wait on the front porch for the church bus .
I got to harvest my crabs .
Gage , you got anything you want to add ? ”


“ You ’ve just about covered the Constitution . ”


“ Daddy , can we have some more money ? ”


Gage dug in his pockets and passed more around .
Phoebe ’s eyes narrowed to slits .
“ You give out money that easy without them earnin ’ it ? ”


“ I ’ m not always the skinflint you make me out to be . ”


“ Then I mean to renegotiate the price of bumpers . ”


“ That ’s not negotiable .
I ’ve got a seventy - dollar dent . ”


Phoebe sniffed .
“ You ’ve also got a five - cent brain . ”
She grabbed her straw hat off the broom hook .
“ I ’ m goin ’ crabbin ’ . ”


Gage followed her down to the canal .
“ I ’ll go with you this morning . ”


Phoebe gave him a winsome smile .
“ You like me so much now you ca n’t bear for me to be outta sight ? ”


“ Just want to keep an eye on my investment . ”


“ You come in two parts , Gage Morgan .
Purse part and pants part .
When I first started fallin ’ for you , I figured it out .
Everything a woman wants in a man is below the belt .
Howsomever , I want you to know , I ’ m different .
There are parts of you above the belt that I find particularly interestin ’ . ”


“ Phoebe , if you start talking nasty , you can go out on that bayou by yourself and you ’ll never get a crab trap in the boat because you wo n’t have me to show you the knack .
See those old bottle crates ?
Put ‘ em in the boat .
I ’ll get the bait .
We ’ll replenish each trap after we dump it .
Saves time . ”


“ Are you gonna boss me ? ”


“ I ’ m going to do my damnedest and hope it takes . ”


“ You ’re the kind of man who wants to wear the pants in the family ? ”


“ Do n’t sound so disheartened .
Around you , I do n’t seem able to keep them up . ”


Phoebe ’s heart overflowed .
She sat on the oar seat and faced him , enjoying looking at him , smiling .
He guided the boat through the cut and into the bayou .
In the far distance on the bay she could see shrimp boats that were specks on the horizon .
Gulls squawked and fished .
The surface of the water was calm and sun - painted .
They had the bayou to themselves .
“ Gage ? ”


“ What ? ”


“ You know that feeling I was getting only after dark ?
I ’ m starting to get it in the daytime , too . ”


“ No . ”


She slipped off the seat onto her knees amid the empty crates and rested her elbows on his legs .
“ I could unzip your pants and play . ”


“ I ’ve got to drive this boat . ”


“ Nobody ’s around . ”


“ It ’s early yet . ”


“ I ’ve never done it in the daytime . ”
Her hands crept to his inner thighs .
“ We could just touch each other .
That ’s all . ”
She could see acceptance overtaking reluctance in his expression , could feel the shape taking place beneath her hands .
She pressed her fingertips against the growing bulge between his legs .


“ Let ’s get your traps emptied first … ”


“ I do n’t think I can wait . ”


“ Try . ”


“ I ’ m tormented . ”
She unzipped his jeans , caressed the enlarging length of him and gazed unashamed into his eyes .
“ You said we could do whatever I felt was natural .
That nothing was bad . ”


“ I ’ m possessed . ”
He turned the boat into the tall marsh grasses .


* * *


“ Gage ! ”


“ I ’ m in the living room . ”


Phoebe emerged from the hall and stopped short .
“ Why ’re you lyin ’ on the sofa ?
Why ai n’t you workin ’ ?
I came back from sellin ’ my crabs and found a customer hangin ’ about the cash shack lookin ’ for somebody to pay . ”
She laid a ten - dollar bill on his desk .


“ Do n’t come within ten feet of me , Phoebe .
I ’ m only thirty - five .
I ’d like to make thirty - six . ”


“ Sex affects you worse ’ n liquor , do n’t it ? ”


Gage crooked an elbow over his eyes .
“ It does n’t even compare .
If it ever happens that I have the opportunity to introduce another virgin to sex , I hope lightning strikes me dead . ”


‘ ‘ You would n’t have to hope for lightning .
I ’d kill you myself . ”


He lifted his elbow and looked at her .
“ I know your methods .
Lightning would be more humane . ”


“ I ca n’t help it if I start feelin ’ all tingly . ”


Gage dropped his elbow , covered his eyes .
“ If somebody had told me two weeks ago that I ’d be done in by ninety pounds of spice and spit , I ’d ’ ve laughed in his face . ”


Phoebe bristled .
“ Laugh now , why do n’t you ? ”


“ Takes all my strength just to breathe . ”


“ I want you to get out of the habit of insultin ’ me .
I ’ m a Hawley and I do n’t take to it .
It makes me mad . ”


“ That ’s another thing .
Soon as I can , I ’ m changing your name to Morgan .
Then I wo n’t have to listen to Hawley pride , Hawley gumption and Hawley grit . ”


Goose bumps erupted along Phoebe ’s arms .
“ We ’re gonna get married ?
When ? ”


“ When I recover .
I do n’t want any of my friends to see me like this . ”


Phoebe knelt down on the floor beside the sofa .
“ Gage , you love me ?
Truly ? ”


“ Tried not to .
Had good reason not to .
I ’ve been battered , abused , and cuckolded .
You ’d think I ’d learned my lesson . ”


Phoebe dragged his arm off of his face .
“ Look at me . ”


His eyes opened .


“ There ai n’t another man in the world that can hold a candle to you .
By my lights you ’re the best husband a body could have .
I love you more than anything .
Anything ! ”


Her warm sweet breath cascaded over him .
He lifted his head and kissed her gently .
“ That ’s the most intoxicating thing anyone ’s ever said to me . ”


“ To prove how much I love you , I ’ m gonna keep my clothes on , ” Phoebe announced .
“ I wo n’t go near your tallywhacker again until after dark . ”


“ Wonder of wonders . ”


“ Anyway , ” Phoebe said decorously .
“ We need to settle this business betwixt us .
I do n’t want to go into marriage owin ’ you . ”
She reached into the pocket of her jeans and pulled out a roll of bills .
“ Crab money . ”
Her hand trembled slightly .
“ Gage , back home in the mills , I had to work all week for this much money . ”
She counted out sixty - six dollars and put it in his hand .
The remainder of the cash , she shoved quickly back into her pocket .
“ To repair your truck .
Now I can have my bumper and tag back . ”


“ I was going to let you have it anyway . ”


Phoebe grinned .
“ I would n’t ’ ve taken it .
You ’re gonna have to live with Hawley pride right up to the minute I ’ m a Morgan and then some . ”


Gage folded the bills and put them in his shirt pocket .
“ In that case , what ’s Hawley pride have to say about anteing up my share of crab money ?
I need a new suit to get married in . ”


Phoebe wondered if the time was ripe to tell him about Ma and Pa and Erlene ’s arriving .
A little voice in her head was saying , you think you know what you ’re doing , _Phoebe .
You think you know how Gage will react .
But you do n’t .
You ’d better be careful . _


She decided against it .
Life was going her way for a change .
She did n’t want any by - chance interference .


“ First debt owed is first debt I pay , ” she said .
“ Not to worry , I ’ll settle up with you fair and square on the crabbin ’ . ”


“ I trust you . ”
He smiled a smile that made her insides turn to lead .
There was a whole world of meaning behind the words .
The specter of Ma and Pa and Erlene thrust into her brain .
But no .
That ’s not what he meant .
He meant adultery .


“ I wo n’t ever give you cause not to trust me , ” she said thickly .
“ I promise . ”
Gripped by something stronger than passion and unable to voice it , she reached out and traced his mouth with a fingertip .
“ You sure do have kissin ’ lips “


“ Do n’t start talking sex , ” he pleaded .
“ You have to learn that talking about it is erotic , at least to a man . ”


“ It is ? ”


“ Yes . ”


Phoebe sat back on her heels and demurely clasped her hands in her lap .
“ You mean if I just talked about what we did in the boat without even touching you , you ’d — ”


“ Exactly . ”


“ Lor ! ”
Unexpected streams of excitement lazily uncoiled inside her .
“ Gage ? ”


“ What ? ”


“ Did you like the part where I unzipped your pants and played with — ”


“ I ’ m not listening . ”


“ What about when I unbuttoned your shirt and sucked your nipples ? ”


“ Be quiet ! ”


“ What about … ”
Phoebe put her lips to his ear and whispered .


Gage reached out with an unsteady arm and encircled her .
“ I ’ m lost . ”


* * *


“ Why is Daddy in bed before dark ?
Is he sick ? ”


“ He ’s just takin ’ a nap .
Nothing ’s wrong with him a good sleep wo n’t cure .
Close that kitchen door so we do n’t wake him .
I want to hear all about your day . ”


“ I do n’t want to talk about mine , ” said Willie - Boy .


“ You did n’t have a good time ? ”
Phoebe put platters of fried pork chops and potatoes on the table .


“ I almost did .
But a girl named Kimmie kept followin ’ me around .
She even tried to kiss me .
I thought I was gonna be sick . ”


“ Maydean , why ’re you wearin ’ such a long face ? ”


“ I ca n’t enter the beauty contest . ”


“ Who said ? ”


“ One of the girls in my Sunday school class .
You have to be a senior in high school . ”
Her eyes filled with tears .
“ By then I ’ll be old and wrinkled . ”


“ Pooh .
By then you ’ll be even prettier . ”


Maydean eyed Phoebe warily .
“ Why ’re you saying such nice things to me ? ”


“ I ’ m in a good mood .
I sold my crabs and paid off Gage for our bumper and tag . ”


Maydean froze .
“ Are we gonna go home now ? ”


Willie - Boy ’s fork stopped at his mouth .
“ Are we gonna see Ma and Pa ? ”


Dorie ’s face crumbled .
“ Well , you can just leave then !
The sooner the better ! ”
The nine - year - old jumped from the table and raced out of the kitchen .
Phoebe caught the door before it slammed .


“ What ’s wrong with her ? ”
Maydean said , scowling .


“ If you ’d look outside yourself once in a while , you ’d know .
We made her feel left out .
You two eat , I ’ll go talk to her . ’ ’


Dorie was sprawled face down with the pillow over her head .
Phoebe sat on the edge of the bed .


“ Go away ! ” came Dorie ’s muffled command .


“ In a minute .
I need to talk to you .
I ’ve got a secret .
Howsomever , I ca n’t tell you unless you swear not to tell . ”


Dorie lifted the pillow and peeked out .
“ A good secret ? ”


“ You might not think so . ”


“ What is it ? ”
Dorie sat up against the headboard and hugged the pillow to her stomach .


“ You have to swear not to tell , even if you do n’t like it . ”


The child hesitated , torn between sulking and curiosity .
“ Cross my heart , ” she finally said , doing it .


“ First I have to ask you a question . ”


“ Is the question part of the secret ? ”


“ Sort of .
What do you think about your pa ? ”


Dorie ’s interest dissolved .
“ He ’s all right .
He ’s just my daddy . ”


“ What do you think about him gettin ’ married ? ”


Dorie ’s face fell into a troubled expression .
“ Could he ? ”


“ If he wanted to , which he might . ”


“ He ’s too old . ”


Phoebe opened her mouth to protest , but changed her mind .
“ He is , and the older he gets the more likely he ’ll need someone to look after him .
How would you feel about having a stepmother ? ”


“ Would she boss me ? ”


“ No more than I do . ”


“ Did he tell you who she is ? ”


“ I have a close acquaintance with her , ” Phoebe said .
“ She ’s about as good - hearted a person I know . ”


“ Who is it ? ”


For once in her life , Phoebe ’s wealth of courage failed her .
“ That ’s the second part of the secret .
I ca n’t say until I ’ m sure you ’re gonna keep the first part . ”


Dorie suddenly appeared stricken .
“ Is it Belle Martin ? ”


Phoebe ’s eyes narrowed .
“ Who ’s Belle Martin ? ”


“ She brought food every day after Momma died .
She tried to kiss Daddy on his cheek . ”


“ The brazen hussy !
Gage would n’t choose her coming or going ! ”


“ Every time she looked at me she wrinkled her nose . ”


“ If she ever wrinkles her nose at you again , you point her out to me .
I ’ll break it for her . ”


Dorie smothered a giggle , then looked at Phoebe .
“ If you and Daddy did n’t fuss so much , maybe he ’d marry you . ”


Phoebe saw her chance , but she could n’t make herself jump all the way into it .
“ I could try to talk him into it , ” she said with a sigh , as if the idea of marrying Gage Morgan was little more than a daily chore .
“ But when I get married I want babies and I guess I ’d worry about how you ’d take that . ”


“ Real babies ? ”
Dorie ’s eyes grew wide .


“ Real babies .
Now that you ’ve brought it up , though , if I married Gage , then Maydean would be your aunt by marriage and Willie - Boy would be your uncle . ”


“ But Willie - Boy is littler than me ! ”


“ See what I mean ?
Your Pa would n’t like to do anything that ’d make you unhappy . ”


“ Willie - Boy ’s all right when he ’s not being a pest . ”


Phoebe assumed a properly sober expression .
“ Ai n’t he , though ? ”


Dorie displayed a sudden anxiety .
“ What do you think my momma would say ? ”


This was the all - important point .
Phoebe shook her head .
“ It ’s hard to imagine , what with her bein ’ in heaven and all .
My opinion is that she ’d appreciate knowin ’ you were cared for .
She loves you and people who love always want to see their loved ones happy . ”


“ I ’ m happy with you and Maydean .
But Belle does n’t make me happy .
She scares me .
Why do n’t you tell Daddy to marry you , Phoebe ? ”


“ I ’ m not sure he ’d take to the idea , as stubborn as he is . ”


“ You could try . ”


“ Tell you what .
You come back to the table and finish your supper while I ponder on it .
If it comes about and he mentions it to you , you ’ll have to appear surprised .
Men do n’t like to think we women conspire behind their backs . ”


“ You like me , do n’t you Phoebe ? ”


“ Mostly , ” Phoebe replied , knowing that a child had keen insight and could see through pretense .
“ I ’d like you a passel more if the next time you ran in here to sulk , you ’d take your sandals off first .
Now I got to wash this bedspread again . ”


* * *


“ I could n’t ’ ve done a better job of it myself , ” Phoebe said , admiring the manner in which Gage had welded her bumper back onto the truck .
She also admired the way his biceps tightened , the way his back muscles rippled .
Her heart fluttered , but she restrained herself .
“ I reckon I ’ll go get it gassed up before we harvest crabs this morning . ”


“ I ’ m not getting in that skiff with you again .
Take Maydean or Dorie . ”


“ But I let you sleep all night , and I did n’t pester you before breakfast either . ”


“ Lucky me . ”


Phoebe paid no attention to his doleful glare .
“ You ’re back to thinkin ’ I ’ m too skinny . ”


“ Nope , I ’ m thinking survival . ”


“ Do n’t you want to do it even the least little bit ? ”


Sweat began to bead on his upper lip .
“ I have work to do . ”


“ You ’re so strong - willed , Gage .
I admire that in a man . ”


“ Just so long as you admire from a distance . ”


“ I ca n’t promise . ”
Phoebe thought about his body in her power and felt her insides begin to tremble .
But the yard was open for business and the kids were running loose .
Privacy was not assured .
Practicality swayed her .
The letter from Ma suddenly loomed large in her mind .
“ Anyway , I ’ m glad we got the truck fixed .
It do n’t belong to me , you know .
It ’s Pa ’s .
I got to return it . ”


Gage wiped his hands on a rag , taking an inordinate amount of time doing it .
“ Do n’t think I want you going off anywhere .
I ’ m feeling possessive . ”


“ Oh .
Well , what about if Pa came and got it ? ”


“ That ’d be better . ”


All of Phoebe ’s nerve endings began to hum .
“ Maybe Ma and Erlene could come down with Pa on the bus .
Ma would n’t countenance me getting married without her being there .
She ’d like to know it ’s so . ”


“ That sounds reasonable .
But , Phoebe , do n’t go planning a big wedding . ”


“ I thought just family . ”


He looked at her from beneath his thick sweep of dark lashes .
“ You ’re too agreeable , too fast .
I get the feeling you ’re somehow putting something over on me . ”


“ I ’ m agreeable because I ’ m so happy , ” she reassured with a grand air , gliding toward him , putting her hand on his arm .
“ Gage , let me kiss you .
I wo n’t put my tongue in your mouth and make you crazy .
I just want to feel your lips on mine . ”


“ You ’re dodging the issue .
Just family . ”
His gaze bent hard on her face .
“ How many aunts , uncles , and cousins have you got back up in those gullies and hills ? ”


“ There ’s just Ma and Pa and Erlene .
Joey and his wife wo n’t come because of the baby . ”


“ I do n’t want to spend a lot of money on frou - frous getting married . ”


“ Me , neither .
I want us to save our money for solid things .
And I aim to use my crab money for the particulars .
We got to have a weddin ’ feast , but Ma and I can cook that .
Ma can bake the cake .
The only outsiders ought to be the preacher and his wife .
It would n’t be polite to slight them . ”


The questioning in his eyes faded , then brightened once again .
“ Just so there ’s no misunderstanding let ’s agree right now .
I ’ll set aside a week ’s salary for us getting married outside of your ring . ”


_A week ’s worth_ .
Lor !
She could get married ten times over .
It descended on her with a shock that his idea of parsimony was far more generous than her own .
“ I ’ll make that do , ” she said solemnly .
“ I ’ll eke out every dime . ”
She slid her hand up his arm .
“ Now , will you kiss me , or do you aim to make me suffer daylight to dusk ? ”


He bent his head and pressed his mouth lightly to hers .
Phoebe nibbled on his lower lip .


“ Lord have mercy , woman .
Stop that . ”
But he laughed and his arms tightened his embrace .
Phoebe pressed her thigh to his , felt the quicksilver stirring in his loins .
She was aglow with feminine power .
All would be well .
Even when Ma and Pa arrived .
She just knew it .
Gage ended the kiss , but Phoebe stayed put in his arms .


Her heart filled with tenderness .
“ Gage , I ’ m going to make you the best wife in the universe . ”


“ You do n’t have to be the best , Phoebe .
Just belong to me . ”


There was an underlying insistence in his voice .
Phoebe stepped out of his arms .
“ God put you in my path , Gage .
There was never a man before you and there wo n’t be after .
Married to you I ’ m going to be the envy of every woman between here and Mobile .
I ai n’t givin ’ that up . ”


Gage laughed .
“ I would n’t put it all on God , Phoebe .
Blame some of it on a woman driver that did n’t look where she was going .
Now , get out of here and go crabbing before my willpower fails me . ”


“ Is it about to ? ” she asked , all hope and letting the snide remark about her driving fritter away on the breeze wafting through the welding shed and proud of herself for not stomping on it with Hawley pride .


“ Mr . Gage ! ”
Willie - Boy shouted as he hurried into the shop .
“ Did you get that bike fixed for me yet ? ”


“ Reprieve . ”
Gage grinned .


Phoebe tilted her head and returned his grin .
“ Wait until after dark . ”


* * *


“ It ’s been dark for hours . ”
Gage stood on the threshold of Phoebe ’s bedroom , peering in . “ Is n’t there some little promise or other you wanted to make good on ? ”


“ I was waitin ’ for the kids to get hard asleep . ”
She stretched sinuously , arching ; the line of her throat was compellingly vulnerable .
She was stopped for a moment by Gage ’s gaze riveted on her , then she smiled .
For modesty ’s sake he wore pajama bottoms , but they did little to hide his aroused state .
“ Have you been layin ’ abed thinkin ’ of me ? ”


“ I was reading . ”


Phoebe laughed .
She felt so bold .
“ Tell me one thing you read . ”


“ I read my horoscope .
It said for me not to tolerate any teasing . ”
He crossed the room , scooped her into his arms .
“ It said I should be creative in an affair of the heart . ”


Cradled in his arms , Phoebe felt no more substantial than a willow .
“ What else did it say ? ”


He nuzzled her neck as he carried her into his own room and placed her on his bed .
“ It said I should drag you by the hair on your head into my lair and strip you naked . ”
He took the hem of her gown , pulled it up .
Phoebe ’s arms slid out .


“ Did it say anything about closin ’ and lockin ’ the door to the lair ? ”


“ Leave it to you to be the practical one .
Good thing you do n’t write horoscopes . ”


“ Good thing I ’ m here so you can make it come true . ”


His eyes , opaque with passion , took in her shoulders , the tidy mounds of her breasts .
Small breasts , rounded with dainty pink nipples .


When he returned to bed after locking the door , he lay down beside her , pressing his lips into the curve of her neck and began to stroke every inch of her .


His hot kisses distracted Phoebe .
She could n’t keep track of where his hands were going , what they were doing .
His hands , then his lips closed over her exposed breasts , and a pleased sound erupted from him as he pulled her against him , forcing her to feel him jutting against her thighs .
He was making her body dance , flooding her with heat .


“ Gage ! ” she cried , her voice small , vanishing as his tongue dipped into a most intimate crevice .
He ignored her protests .
Something extraordinary seemed to be happening inside her .
Air escaped her lungs , blood seemed to suffuse her head , her muscles rippled as if they were separate entities borne haphazardly on a sudden wind ; an unfamiliar interior fluttering seemed to warn her of something about to take place , some desperate event needing completion .
A sensation , unlike anything she ’d ever experienced pierced her brain , then radiated out until all of her being was seized , frozen .
There was a tremendous swelling , a building pressure in her loins , and a startled cry broke from her throat as the immense feeling savagely exploded .


She was dying , separating into different selves , she could scarcely breathe .
She felt all at once lighter and as limp as boiled noodles .


As if attuned to the shuddering waves , Gage whispered , “ Babe … finally … ”


Phoebe wondered how he could know , feeling as if the secret was exposed , on display .
“ I like you calling me _Babe_ . ”
She touched his face with her fingertips and whispered his name .


He came up over her , kissing her breasts , her throat , her mouth so that she opened to his thrusting presence , captured by the hardness riding between her thighs .
Whatever had happened inside her body seemed to have created in him a surging ardor , some higher level of stimulation .
She gave herself up to him and closed her mind to all else .


* * *


“ I thought I was dyin ’ , ” Phoebe said in an awed , ragged voice that was hers but not hers .
Gage had tilted the lampshade so that the circle of light was aimed outward , and they lay within softly lit shadows .
Phoebe risked a look at him .
His eyes were narrowed , but he was smiling .


“ Somethin ’s funny ? ”


“ Nope .
I ’ m happy .
Would you rather I frowned ? ”


“ You do n’t look happy .
You look smug .
Do you know what happened to me ? ”


“ Sure do . ”


She let her gaze wander over his face , reading every nuance of his expression , searching for truth .
“ Does it happen to you ?
Every time ? ”


“ Sure does . ”


“ I do n’t think I could bear it again . ”


“ Oh ?
That ’s too bad .
Most women suffer themselves to get used to it . ”


“ Most women ?
What most women ? ”


“ Tell you what .
I ’ll buy twin beds for after we ’re married .
That way you wo n’t be tempted . ”


“ But I like bein ’ in bed with you .
I like — I ai n’t spendin ’ my whole married life in separate beds .
Anyway , it just took me by surprise .
I did n’t know there was more than … than what I ’d already felt . ”


“ What ’s the solution then ?
I do n’t want to force you to do something you find unbearable . ”
As if the subject were finished , he lifted her hand and inspected her ring finger .
“ Remind me , I ’ll measure this with a string tomorrow . ”


“ I could get used to it . ”


“ I do n’t want to buy something that does n’t fit . ”


“ I did n’t think I was really goin ’ to die . ”


“ White gold , I think . ”


Phoebe jerked her hand from his .
“ Pay attention ! ”


“ Attention ?
Oh , you mean like this ? ”
He secured her body to his with a powerful arm , savoring the prominence of her pelvic bones pressed to his .


“ I ’ m thinkin ’ I could probably bear it if it happened again . ”


He played with her body , probed and kissed and caressed , offering her pleasure , torture .
“ Just tell me if it gets to be unbearable , and I ’ll stop . ”


“ If you stop , ” Phoebe said , meaning it , “ I ’ll go out and buy those twin beds myself . ”


* * *


Up until the Friday before the Saturday Ma and Pa and Erlene were set to arrive , Phoebe felt she was dangling on a string from heaven .
The crab catches continued to be profitable , more so when she allowed the traps to soak two nights instead of one .
She ’d divided with Gage , paid for bait and ice and still she had hundreds of dollars .
It was more money than she ’d ever had in her life that was n’t spoken for before she got it into her purse .
She kept going into her room and reaching beneath the pillow just to take the bills out and count them .


She had n’t yet mentioned to Gage just how imminent was the arrival of the remaining members of her family .
Every opening to say just slipped on by , sometimes when she and Gage were wonderfully occupied in his bed and other times just by the sheer amount of work it took to keep up with crabbing , washing , ironing , and cooking and Maydean , Willie - Boy , and Dorie .


Ma would be expecting to live in Gage ’s house , but Phoebe could see now that was n’t going to work .
She and Gage hardly had privacy to snatch a stolen kiss during the day as it was .
With Ma and Pa and Erlene underfoot , even nights would be impossible .
Especially with Erlene , who tended to wander through every unlatched door and had to be watched tighter than Willie - Boy lest she get into mischief .
Still , Ma could n’t take care of Erlene and Pa and Maydean and Willie - Boy by herself .
The dilemma preyed on her mind .


Maybe Vinnie would begrudge the bus fare and decide Ma and Pa could stay on .
It was a dim hope , but that at least would give Phoebe time to sort it all out .
Time to put by enough money to get Ma and Pa started in their own place , one close enough that Phoebe could be of help .
She wished Vinnie and Joey had a phone , but it ’d been turned off when income went scarce .
She would have gone this minute and called and told Ma to stay put .
But they did n’t , and all that was left to her was to get the house ready , and to tell Gage .


But no matter how she practiced the words in her mind , in his presence they refused to be uttered .
She was caught hopelessly in the undertow of love and wanting to do nothing to jeopardize the happiness of the moment .


“ I have the urge to step out tonight , ” Gage said when he came into the house for a glass of ice water .


“ I do n’t hold with a man goin ’ out and leavin ’ his intended long - jawed and mopin ’ . ”


“ Long - jawed and moping . ”
Gage laughed .
“ I do n’t think I hold with it myself .
Anyhow , I do n’t dare leave you alone .
You might find some other man to drive out of his mind .
What do you say we go into Mobile , treat the kids to a movie while we window shop ? ”


“ After supper ? ”


“ Let ’s just make an evening of it .
Eat at McDonald ’s .
Dorie likes hamburgers , and I want to soften her up before I mention getting married . ”


“ I imagine she ’ll take it okay .
She likes me .
She likes Maydean and Willie - Boy .
And I just know she ’s going to like Ma and Pa and Erlene . ”


“ Dorie does seem to stay in Maydean ’s pocket , so to speak .
I guess it ’s good for her .
I would n’t mind if Willie - Boy and Maydean finished out the summer with us . ”


“ You would n’t ? ”


“ If your folks do n’t mind . ”


“ I do n’t think they ’ll mind .
As a matter of fact … ”
Her hand fluttered as if to erase her unspoken thought .


* * *


Gage got the impression that Phoebe was concentrating hard on the moment while another part of her was staring into something of such compelling importance it could n’t be ignored .
A personal vision , zealously guarded .
He waited for her to go on , but when she did n’t , he said , “ As a matter of fact , what ? ”


“ Oh , nothing .
I ’d better get the clothes off the line , round up everybody .
What time do you want us ready ? ”


“ About five . ”


When she came out of the laundry room with the empty clothes basket , he stopped her .
“ Phoebe , tell .
What ’s on your mind ? ”


“ Gettin ’ the clothes folded and put away . ”


“ Look , we ’re going to be learning things about each other the rest of our lives .
At least , I hope we are .
But one thing we must have from the start is trust .
So why do n’t you trust me with whatever is bothering you ? ”


Phoebe exhaled .
“ Nothin ’s botherin ’ me .
I ’ m just a worrier is all . ”
The lie slipped off her tongue like the devil was hauling on it .


“ Are you having second thoughts about getting married ?
About me ?
Was I too rough last — ”


Phoebe threw her arms around him and pressed her face into his chest .
“ I love you more than myself .
I do n’t want to lose you .
I do n’t want anythin ’ to happen — ”


“ Is that all ?
You ’re not going to lose me — unless you beat me to death with that clothes bask — ”


“ Are y ’ all kissin ’ ? ”


They jerked apart .
“ Where ’d you come from , Willie - Boy ? ”


“ Nowhere .
Were you trying to kiss Phoebe ?
BoBo Gardner tried to kiss her once , and she threw a pot of beans on him . ”


“ I hope I do n’t suffer the same fate . ”


“ I got work to do , ” said Phoebe .
“ Willie - Boy , you find Dorie and Maydean .
Gage is treatin ’ all of you to a movie . ”


Willie - Boy turned pale .
“ No ! ”


Gage laughed .
“ Yes . ”


“ I only been to a movie once , and I was too little to remember . ”
He sprawled on the porch .
“ I ’ve got to lay down here and savor my good fortune . ”


“ Savor your good fortune ? ”
Gage repeated .
“ That ’s a mouthful . ”


“ That ’s what Pa says .
He sets in his rocking chair and savors his good fortune . ”


“ What else does your dad do ? ”


“ What Ma tells him to . ”


“ Hawley women might like to rule the roost , but one of them better keep in mind I ’ m a man who rules his own roost . ”


Phoebe felt her cheeks go warm , but for perhaps the second time in her life , she kept her mouth shut .


* * *


The shopping mall proved to be an adventure in prudence and self - control .
Phoebe held tightly to her purse full of money against every lure and inducement .


There were candy shops , ice - cream parlors , dress shops , gold shops , shoe shops , toy shops , beauty shops , pet stores , bookstores , and department stores with counter after counter of cosmetics from which they had to drag Maydean .
McDonald ’s was at one end of the mall , the movie theater at the other .
Gage bought the movie tickets and passed out cash for popcorn and soft drinks .


“ Those kids are gonna be sick , ” warned Phoebe .
Willie - Boy was so excited she feared an attack of asthma .


“ I ’ll do my breathing exercises , I promise , ” he wailed .


“ I ’ll take care of him , ” insisted Dorie .


Phoebe gave in but waited outside the theater ten minutes on the chance Willie - Boy would swoon and have to be carried out .


“ I ’ m going to Penny ’s to pick out a suit , ” Gage said .


“ I ’ll come with you . ”


“ No , you wo n’t .
I like to buy my own clothes .
I ’ll meet you back here in an hour or so . ”


The beauty shop lured Phoebe like a magnet .
She stood outside and watched men and women coming out looking groomed and happy .
Not a frowner in the bunch .
She had her hair cut in the manner suggested by the stylist .
She walked out of the shop with her curls tamed and hugging her head .
She stopped in front of every display window admiring her reflection .
Tilting her head this way and that until a salesclerk came out and asked did she want to try it on .


“ What ? ”


“ The dress .
It ’s made for you . ”


Phoebe refocused her attention beyond her own reflection .
The outfit was the most exquisite she ’d ever seen .
A lacy cream - colored blouse tucked into a skirt beneath which peeked a matching slip trimmed in eyelet .
She saw herself in the dress standing next to Gage in front of the preacher .
“ How much is it ? ”


“ Why do n’t you try it on ? ” the saleslady coaxed .
“ It ’s on sale . ”


“ I like a bargain , ” said Phoebe .
The lace on the blouse draped her shoulders and enhanced her slender neck .
The sale price was n’t much of a sale at all , not for her anyway .
Heart thudding and feeling faint , Phoebe parted with the money — more money than she ’d ever spent on a single garment in her life .
She went back to the bench in front of the theater , waited for Gage , closed her eyes and prayed for the next morning to produce the best crab catch in existence .


“ Phoebe !
What ’ve you done to your hair ? ”


“ Had it tamed . ”


“ You sure did . ”


“ You do n’t like it ? ”


“ I like it fine .
It makes you look … elegant . ”


Phoebe ’s eyes burned with pleasure , but her mouth turned down at the corners .
“ I bought my wedding dress . ”


“ Do n’t sound so terrible about it .
Let me see . ”


“ Ca n’t .
That ’s bad luck .
Anyway , I might want to take it back .
Did you get a suit ? ”


“ I got fitted for one .
Come on .
Let ’s browse — ”


“ I ai n’t movin ’ off this bench . ”
She was determined not to be parted from another dime .
She had three good reasons in the back of her mind why she should return at once to the dress shop and get her money back .
They were Ma , Pa , and Erlene .


“ You ’re the unhappiest bride - to - be I ’ve ever seen , ” Gage accused .


Phoebe forced her most winning smile .
“ I ’ m just nervous .
I ai n’t never been married before . ”


Gage put his arm around her and drew her close .
“ It ’s not going to be much different from the way we ’re living now . ”


_Oh , yes it is_ , thought Phoebe .


* * *


Deep into the night Phoebe made love to Gage with an uncommon frenzy .
She kissed his toes , his knees , his chest , and explored every line and tendon of his body as if driven by necessity to commit the whole of him to memory .


At one point , Gage took her hands into his , halting her .
“ Phoebe , we have an entire lifetime . ”


“ Promise you ’ll love me no matter what . ”


“ The vows go ‘ for better or for worse . ’ ”


“ Suppose with me it ’s worse ? ”


“ If your tongue and elbows do n’t get any sharper , life with you wo n’t be anything but better .
Now lie back , some things in life are better done slowly . ”


* Chapter 9 Chapter 9 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 9


At breakfast , Gage made the announcement .
“ What do you kids think ?
Phoebe and I are going to be married . ”


Maydean was speechless .


Willie - Boy said , “ Does that mean you wo n’t have time to teach me to ride my bike today ? ”


Dorie cut a conspirator ’s glance at Phoebe .
“ That ’s nice , Daddy .
Maydean ’s gonna be my aunt . ”


Gage leaned back in his chair .
“ I do n’t know why , but I did expect some banshee yelling — ”


Phoebe could n’t put it off another minute .
“ And Ma and Pa and Erlene are coming . ”
It felt so good to finally get the words out , she sagged against the sink counter .


“ When ? ” yelped Willie - Boy .
“ Oh , I miss Ma somethin ’ hurtful ! ”


“ I do n’t know yet , ” said Phoebe , which was the truth , because she had n’t yet called the Greyhound bus station for the time the bus from Cottontown arrived .


Maydean found her tongue , directing her question to Gage .
“ It ’s okay with you if Ma and Pa and Erlene come ? ”


“ It ’s fine , Maydean .
I want to meet them .
And if you and Willie - Boy want , you can stay with us until school starts . ”


“ I never want to leave , ” said Willie - Boy .
“ Ma wo n’t either when — ”


“ Willie - Boy ! ”
Phoebe interrupted .
“ You can help me harvest crabs this mornin ’ . ”


Dorie got up and went to stand at her father ’s elbow .
“ Phoebe said she ’d get me a real baby . ”


“ I ’ m goin ’ crabbin ’ .
Now ! ”
Phoebe grabbed her hat with one hand , Willie - Boy with the other .


Gage was out the door on her heels .
“ Get the chicks some water , Willie - Boy , I want to have a private word with your sister .
A real baby , eh ? ” he said to Phoebe after the boy made himself scarce .


“ By ‘ n ’ by , is what I meant . ”


“ Is it ?
You and Dorie must ’ve had a nice little chat . ”


“ I did n’t want to get my heart set on you and then have Dorie dragging about unhappy . ”


“ You stole my thunder . ”


“ I did n’t know you wanted to do the tellin ’ . ”


“ I ’ m the head of this house . ”


“ Bein ’ partners is better . ”


“ Okay , but I ’ m the head of this partnership .
If it happens there ’s any news such as any more little Morgans , I want to be the first to know . ”


“ You will be . ”


“ Have you got anything else up your sleeve ? ”


“ Lor !
What makes you say that ? ”


“ Your chin ’s coming at me . ”


“ Ca n’t think of anythin ’ . ”


“ I ’ m not a man who likes surprises , Phoebe .
They ’re never in my favor . ”


“ I ’ll remember , ” Phoebe said and sat down on the stoop to tie her shoelaces .


“ Well , since we ’re officially engaged , I ’ m going to make you a present of the crab business . ”


Phoebe kept sitting , she did n’t trust herself to stand .
“ You are ? ”
She could see herself getting rich on her own account .
“ First thing I ’ m gonna do is buy you a wedding ring . ”


“ To match the one you ’ve put in my nose ?
No thank you .
Ca n’t wear rings doing the work I do . ”


“ What can I give you then ? ”


“ What you ’ve been giving me .
Yourself . ”


Phoebe tilted her head and lowered her lashes .
“ You want to go crabbin ’ with me this mornin ’ ? ”


“ No more boat gymnastics .
You ’re trying to put me on crutches . ”


“ We can just — ”


“ No .
You ’ve moved into my brain as it is .
My body ca n’t keep up .
Go harvest your crabs before I end up in a wheelchair . ”
He started to walk away , then turned .
“ What I ’ m looking forward to … is going to bed with you , waking up with you .
I never had that with Velma .
She wanted the romance , but not — ”


“ Gage ?
Is Velma gonna be living with us ? ”


He shook his head .
“ No .
She ’s gone .
It ’s just you and me , and Dorie . ”


_And Ma and Pa and Erlene and Maydean and Willie - Boy , _ thought Phoebe .
_Dear heavenly Father , what am I going to do ? _


* * *


As soon as she returned from selling her crabs , Phoebe called the Greyhound bus station .
The bus was n’t scheduled into Bayou La Batre .
The bus station was in Mobile , and the bus from Cottontown was expected at four forty - five .


After putting it off and putting it off , at three - thirty she went out to the gate shack .
Between helping customers , Gage was teaching Willie - Boy how to ride the bicycle he ’d put together .


“ I want to go into Mobile , ” she said .


“ Shopping again ? ”


“ I just want to go . ”


“ For what ? ”


“ Will you keep an eye on the kids ? ”


“ What ’s the mystery ? ”


“ It ’s no mystery to me .
I just want to go by myself . ”
She could explain everything to Ma , so Ma would n’t be expecting to live under the same roof .


Gage gave her a puzzled look , then locked the gate shack .
“ Let ’s go talk about this .
You ’ve been acting funny off and on for two weeks . ”


They sat on the porch steps .
Phoebe ’s eyes were glued fearfully to his .


“ Spill it , ” he said .


“ It ’s Ma and Pa and Erlene .
They ’re comin ’ . ”


“ I know that . ”


“ But you said you did n’t like surprises . ”


“ I ’ m not surprised .
We discussed it . ”


“ They ’re comin ’ today . ”


“ You called them ? ”


Phoebe hesitated .
“ Do you mind ? ”


“ I do n’t mind their coming .
I mind you not telling me you called . ”


“ How mad are you gonna get ? ”


He retreated into himself for a few moments .
“ Do n’t guess I ’ll get mad at all . ”


“ Gage !
Truly ? ”


He grimaced .
“ Now I ’ m nervous .
Meeting prospective in - laws … ”


“ Their bus gets in this afternoon .
You can stay here .
I ’ll take Willie - Boy — ”


“ I would n’t think of it .
I ’ll go with you to pick them up .
We ’ll take the car . ”


“ But — ”


“ No buts .
I ’ll get a shower . ”
He put his arm around her .
“ One thing I wo n’t forgive you for … had I known we ’d have a houseful tonight , I ’d ’ ve taken you up on that offer you made me this morning . ”


She was powerfully aware of his arm about her .
Powerfully aware of the delicacy of the situation .
“ You ’re certain we ’re gonna get married no matter what ?
I do n’t want to introduce you to Ma as my intended , then have to take it back . ”


“ We ’ll set it up with the pastor tomorrow after church .
How ’s that for positive ? ”


Phoebe looked out over the yard .
Willie - Boy was on his bike .
Maydean and Dorie were playing _driving_ in the old car .
Ma and Pa and Erlene were assured a fine welcome .
First thing Monday , she ’d take her crab money and find them a place to live .
All was so good with her world , she was beside herself .


“ Gage ? ”
She put her hand on his knee , trailed it slowly up the inside of his thigh .
“ Can I come into the shower with you and wash your back ? ”


* * *


Willie - Boy was the first to spot his parents .
Ma Hawley smothered him in hugs .
“ Oh , I ’ve missed my best boy ! ”


Phoebe felt suddenly shy as she introduced Gage .
“ Ma , this is the man I told you about .
We ’re gonna get married .
That ’s why he wanted you to come .
Gage , this is Ma .
I reckon you can call her Annabelle .
That ’s my pa , Elmo , and that ’s Erlene . ”


“ You ’re Phoebe , are n’t you ? ”
Erlene said as Gage shook hands all around .


“ That ’s right . ”


“ I remembered . ”


Phoebe kept a weather eye on Gage as he took in her family .
He could n’t miss Pa ’s walking sticks or Erlene ’s childlike demeanor .
Ma was shooting her questioning looks , but Phoebe gave an imperceptible shake of her head .


Luggage was gathered , Erlene guided , and Pa directed .
Willie - Boy filled in the conversational gaps telling about the junkyard , his bike , his welding career , and the terrible girl , Kimmie , who had tried to kiss him .


“ Have I ever been in a car before ? ” asked Erlene .


“ ‘ Course you have , ” Phoebe told her .
She caught Gage glancing at Erlene in the rearview mirror .
His expression was inscrutable .


“ I brought my knee pads , ” said Elmo .
“ I mean to get in a winter garden .
You said the land was fair rich ? ”


“ We already got potato hills in , ” said Phoebe .
“ You do n’t have to put in a garden for us , Pa .
I ’ll do that . ”


“ I want to , ” said Elmo .
“ I like to make myself useful . ”


Phoebe smiled over Willie - Boy ’s head at Gage .
“ Hawleys ca n’t sit still for a minute . ”
Then to avoid any slips of tongue , Phoebe plied question after question about Joey , Vinnie , the baby , and every former neighbor she could think of — even her old mill boss whom she disliked .
The inhabitants of Cottontown exhausted , she prattled about Maydean , Dorie , and crabbing .


“ I was n’t expectin ’ to find you set up with a man , ” Annabelle said in the second Phoebe was trying to think up another conversational gambit .


“ Oh , Ma !
You like to joke .
Gage thinks I have wit , too .
He said so .
I promised you ’d bake the weddin ’ cake . ”


“ Reckon I will , if you have the ingredients . ”


Phoebe was hoarse by the time Gage halted the car in front of the house .
“ Lor ! ” exclaimed Annabelle , eyeing him with respect .
“ Phoebe girl , you done good . ”


“ There ’s Dorie and Maydean .
Ma look at Maydean .
She ’s gettin ’ prettier .
And this is Gage ’s daughter , Dorie . ”


“ I woulda knowed her anywheres by the way you described her in your letter , ” said Annabelle .


“ On the telephone , Ma .
I told you about Dorie on the telephone .
This mornin ’ , when I called you . ”


“ Telephone ?
But — oh , my , yes . ”
Annabelle went on quickly and smiled lopsided at Gage .
“ I ’ m gettin ’ so I disremember about as bad as Erlene . ”


* * *


Gage took in Annabelle Hawley , her red fussy face , small statue , and fluttering hands .
Next his gaze shifted to Elmo , stooped beyond his age and maneuvering painfully on his canes , and Erlene who had an innocence more profound than that of his own nine - year - old daughter .
Wearing a frown , he looked at Phoebe .
Her gamin ’ face , framed now so innocently by the halo of curls , was a picture of guilt and duplicity .
He ’d been conned .
The whole of the past few weeks had been nothing more than a hoax .
Love , sex , joy .
The good feelings .
All a trick .
All that he admired in Phoebe , her single - mindedness , had been aimed at one goal ; to find a place for her family .
He ’d been duped into offering his own .
Gorge rose up in his throat .


“ I ’ll leave Phoebe to get you settled , ” he said with stiff civility .


“ Why , certainly .
We ’ll just make ourselves to home . ”


“ I ’ m sure you will . ”


His tone and the pasted - on smile sent a shiver of alarm racing down Phoebe ’s spine .
She trailed him out onto the porch .
“ Where you goin ’ , Gage ? ”


“ We ’ll talk later , ” he said , looking hard into her eyes .


Phoebe felt the weight of reality crashing down on her .
“ You said they could come ! ”


“ I guess I just wanted to believe in magic , in fairy tales .
You conned me from the instant we met .
That letter you wrote the first day you were here …
There was n’t any job .
It was to tell your parents you ’d found a sucker , was n’t it ? ”


“ I can make you understand . ”
She put her hand on his arm .
He jerked away .


“ It hurts , Phoebe .
I did n’t know it could hurt so much .
First Velma , now you .
He shook his head .
“ Being disillusioned twice in one lifetime is once too much for me . ”


She wanted to follow him to the car , plead with him to allow her to explain .
She wanted to grasp his arm , keep him from leaving , but Erlene was trying to march past , and Ma was calling her , exclaiming over the size of the house , the television , insisting Phoebe show her the bedrooms , the kitchen .


Gage did n’t show up for supper .
Phoebe sorted out the sleeping arrangements , which left her the sofa or Gage ’s bed .
But she did n’t dare sleep there .
She lay stiffly on the sofa , waiting , listening to night sounds — the squawks of gulls , the muted chorus of crickets , the occasional barge horn alerting the drawbridge tender , but mostly she was listening for the sound of Gage ’s car .


* * *


Gage drove to the point that overlooked the bay .
God had played a joke on him .
He ’d been vulnerable .
He could see that now .
Like all strong people , he ’d taken his loneliness in stride — until Phoebe had burst upon his household and his heart .


Phoebe had homed in on his vulnerability , and like a fool , he ’d just lapped up all the attention she ’d bestowed on him .
But now she ’d filled his house with her family , and he knew unerringly that had been her goal from the moment she ’d set foot on his property .
And stupid as he was , he ’d gone and left it to them .


By damn , he ’d go back .
He ’d …
No , he could n’t turn them out .
He leaned his head against the door frame and closed his eyes .
Visions of Phoebe leaped into his mind ’s eye .
He would let them stay .
Maybe they ’d soothe some of the pain in him .


He would rest a bit first .
Rest , think and plan .
Then he ’d go back to the house and give Phoebe all the misery she deserved .


He would let her fuss and fume and wonder until she was dangling at the end of her precious Hawley pride .
He ’d give her a taste of how it felt to be humiliated before he declared everything fine and dandy .


* * *


The sun came up on a morning full of promise .
Phoebe did n’t have eyes for the beauty of it .


Ma Hawley had church on her mind .
Phoebe pleaded a headache and watched her family drive out of the yard .
Dorie and Willie - Boy sat between Ma and Pa to guide the way .
Maydean and Erlene sat cross - legged in the truck bed on a blanket to protect their Sunday clothes .


Phoebe could n’t face the disappointment of church ; Gage had promised to speak to the preacher .
She supposed now that whatever Christian spirit she ’d resurrected in him had shrunk to nothingness .
She had that cross of sin to bear .
She had a terrible emptiness inside .
She could n’t decipher which hurt the most .


She was washing breakfast dishes when she heard the front door slam .
Her heart began pounding like a trip hammer .


He stopped short when he came on her in the kitchen .
Beard stubble was thick on his face .
His clothes were wrinkled .
The anguish in his eyes easily read .


Hawley pride was shredded , but there was enough left to prompt : “ Are you full of liquor ? ”


“ Do n’t talk to me . ”


“ You still feelin ’ sorry for yourself ? ”


He turned on his heel .
“ I ’ m going to bed . ”


“ Gage !
Wait ! ”


“ For what ?
Another one of your plots designed to separate me from house and money ? ”


“ You did n’t have to go off last night .
You coulda slept in your own bed .
You coulda slept with me .
You coulda listened ! ”
She was talking to his back .
Phoebe raced into the living room and scooped her purse from beneath the sofa pillow .
He was disrobing when she burst into his room .


“ Get out ! ”


“ Look ! ”
She unzipped her purse , dragged out the bills .
“ This is what I set aside for a place for my folks .
I never meant them to stay here .
First thing Monday morning , I ’ m gonna find them a place . ”


“ Good .
Include yourself . ”
He kicked off his loafers and lay down on the bed .


“ I love you , Gage . ”


“ Sounds glib now .
How many men between Cottontown and Bayou La Batre have you told that ? ”


“ None !
And you well know it . ”


“ That was probably one of your tricks , too . ”


Wounded , Phoebe ’s face flamed .
“ If I was bigger ’ n you , I ’d beat you up for sayin ’ that . ”


He turned over , faced the wall .
“ You ’re misdirecting the famous Hawley pride .
It does n’t affect me one way or another anymore . ”


Tears of frustration welled up in her eyes .
“ If I was Velma , I ’d go out and drown myself , too ! ”


He tugged the bedspread up over his head .
“ Do n’t let that stop you . ”


A door slammed .
Phoebe went to the window .
Her family was back from church .
“ You can vex me Gage Morgan , but you better not be mean to my folks ! ”
She lifted the bedspread off his face .
His eyes were closed , his mouth parted , his breathing soft and regular .
Phoebe leaned down and sniffed .
He had n’t been drinking .


In her heart she was certain that he had n’t flown into the arms of another woman either .
She was beginning to think sex was a trial to Gage .
When they ’d stepped from the shower yesterday afternoon , his legs would n’t hold him .


All was n’t lost .
She would n’t let it be .
It was a matter of Hawley pride butting heads with Morgan pride .
Pride was a good thing .
Pride went before a fall .
Pride …
A sharp dart of misery enclosed her heart .
Why had n’t anybody ever told her that pride got in the way of love ?


* * *


“ We ca n’t stay ? ”
Annabelle looked from Phoebe to the chicks .
They were scratching in the rich sandy loam as Elmo turned up each shovelful .


“ I got a business now , Ma .
I can help you .
There ’s just too many of us Hawleys for Gage to accept all at once . ”


“ But you said in your letter — ”


“ I wrote out of turn .
And … I may have to move with you . ”


“ Look at Pa , ” Annabelle said .
“ Even on his knees he can turn a fair garden . ”


“ Ma , you ’re not listenin ’ to me . ”


“ There ’s room aplenty for us here . ”


Phoebe shook her head .
“ It ’s not the room — ”


“ You just have to tell your man .
I all ’ us told Pa . ”


“ Because you had to .
Gage ai n’t like that .
I ca n’t … I want to be a Morgan . ”


“ Once a Hawley , all ’ us a Hawley . ”


“ You were n’t a Hawley before you married Pa . ”


Annabelle lifted her head .
“ You ’re sayin ’ I misrendered Hawley pride ?
Ai n’t it all ’ us got us — ”


“ I do n’t want backbone , Ma .
I want Gage Morgan . ”


Phoebe was struggling with a new kind of angle on pride .
But the words would n’t court her tongue , and Ma was steeped in her ways .
She could see now that Hawley pride had been conjured up out of thin air .


“ You ’ll give up your family to git him ? ”


“ I ’ll never give you up .
I ’ve got to find a way for us all to fit . ”


“ We ai n’t goin ’ back to Vinnie ’s .
She ’s mean to Pa and Erlene .
If it was just me , I ’d stick it out , but it ai n’t . ”


Phoebe could now see some things about the Hawleys from Vinnie ’s point of view .
But it would n’t do to mention it .
“ You wo n’t have to .
There ’s work in Bayou La Batre .
Tomorrow we ’ll find a place to live , and Tuesday I ’ll take you over to the crab house . ”


“ I do n’t know nothin ’ about crabs . ”


“ It ’s easier than pickin ’ cotton or windin ’ bobbins .
I got to cook dinner now .
You want to choose somethin ’ out of the freezer ? ”


“ Lor !
I like just standin ’ there staring into it .
Will your man sup with us ? ”


The answer was , no . Gage did n’t make an appearance the remainder of the day or night .
Phoebe found a hundred excuses to sashay up and down the hall , slowing to mincing steps at Gage ’s bedroom .
Once she tried the knob and found the door locked .
After that discovery , worry tied her stomach into knots and the least mention of his name by Dorie or Willie - Boy during supper squeezed her heart to the size of a walnut .


* Chapter 10 Chapter 10 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 10


Phoebe awoke before dawn on Monday feeling so lethargic she could n’t fathom where she ’d get the energy to cook breakfast much less harvest crabs and haul them to Hank ’s .
She padded barefoot into the bath and made quick work of her ablutions .
Now that it was short , her hair just went awry instead of wild , which made no nevermind since Gage had turned against her .
She might as well be bald .


She stepped into the hall to find the kitchen light illuminating the dark hall .
Gage was up !
Phoebe ’s hand flew to her chest to stop the sudden frightful pounding behind her small breasts .
But the kitchen was empty , the back door ajar and no coffee perked on the stove .
She stood by the old porcelain sink , uncertain and for the first time in her life , she did n’t know what to do next .


A mewling sound caught her attention .
Some critter was after the baby chicks .
A possum or a cat .
Probably a cat .
There were two or three that wandered the junkyard , feral things , but they shied away at the first human footfall .
Phoebe looked through the screen door into the shadowed dawn and saw Maydean , hunched over on the steps , face buried in her hands .


“ Maydean !
You sick ? ”
Phoebe let herself out , catching the screen door before it slammed and woke the household .


Maydean hiccupped .
Phoebe sat beside her on the dew - wet step .
She put her arm around her sister ’s shoulder and Maydean began to sob in earnest .
Phoebe sighed .
Her whole world was collapsing in on itself .
It if was n’t one thing , it was ten .


“ Hush that lollygagging , Maydean and tell me what hurts . ”


“ You do n’t care . ”


“ I care if you wake the whole house and coffee ai n’t even perked . ”


“ That ’s what ’s wrong . ”
Maydean sniffed .
“ You talk funny .
I talk funny .
Ma and Pa talk funny .
I ’ m never gonna win a beauty contest .
Becky said if I get on stage and answer them questions they ask the contestants , everybody in the audience will laugh at me . ”


“ What ’s wrong with the way we talk ?
Everybody understands , do n’t they ?
We ai n’t speakin ’ in tongues or a foreign language , are we ?
Hold your head up , Maydean , you ’re a Hawley . ”


“ I ’ m sick of being a Hawley .
I ’ m sick of bein ’ six generations out of the damn Okefenokee Swamp , and I ’ m sick of you preachin ’ Hawley pride .
We ’re just plain nobodies .
White trash ! ”


Phoebe ’s jaw dropped .
“ White trash ?
Where did you get that notion ? ”


“ Becky said . ”


“ Tell me where to find that girl , I ’ m gonna talk to her momma .
An ’ if you ever say another cuss word you wo n’t have to worry about talkin ’ funny nor a ’ tall , ‘ cause I ’ll yank your tongue out by the roots . ”


“ No !
I do n’t want you saying nothing .
Keep your trap shut or I ’ll never have any friends . ”
Maydean put her head down on her knees and went to sobbing again .


Stumped , Phoebe put her hand on Maydean ’s back .
Then she had it .
“ Maydean , we ai n’t white trash .
We come from good stock , all the way back to Cuthbert Hawley — ”


_Maydean ’s head shot up .
“ I ’ve heard that story a thousand times , Phoebe ! ”
Maydean minced , “ Cuthbert Hawley indentured himself to James Oglethorpe to Georgia in 1733 and worked seven hard years for a bed rug , a fellin ’ ax , a bag of oatmeal , three shirts an ’ a fiddle .
Then he got a woman and went to live in the Okefenokee Swamp ’ cause he was an independent thinker and did n’t like British rules and laws .
And the Hawleys did n’t come outta that swamp for two - hundred years !
I ’ m not telling any of my friends such as that .
Becky ’s daddy drives a shiny blue convertible . ” _


Phoebe chuffed .
“ Convertibles ai n’t where it ’s at , Maydean .
The next time you see Becky ask if any of her kinfolks ever got their picture in _National Geographic_ .
Ask if they ever set foot on a piece of land name for a king ?
Ask if anybody ever said her folks come from the purest Anglo - Saxon stock in the entire United States ? ”


Maydean sniffed .
“ You do n’t even know what that means , Phoebe .
I ’ m not asking Becky anything !
Anyway , all of those people are _dead_ ! ”


A shadow fell across Phoebe , striking out light that poured onto the back porch from the kitchen .
She glanced over her shoulder .
Gage !
And here she was in her tatty old nightshirt , hair unbrushed , cheeks un - pinched for color , and breakfast makin ’s still in the fridge !


Phoebe stood .
“ Quit your snivelin ’ and go back to bed Maydean .
I ca n’t sort your life until I get mine sorted . ”


Phoebe lingered on the porch , watching dark change into dawn until the solid fragrance of coffee perking drew her into the kitchen .


Gage stood near the stove , staring out the window or pretending to .
The sun was only just beginning to cast a faint light through the glass .


Phoebe breathed deeply .
“ We ’re getting out today . ”


He turned to face her .
Phoebe did n’t like the expression he wore .
It was longer than a stretched out sock .
He was n’t giving in .
Her shoulders sagged , but out of long habit , she straightened .


“ The sooner the better . ”


“ What do I tell Dorie ? ”


“ You do n’t have to tell her anything . ”


“ What about the crab business ?
You takin ’ it back ? ”


“ Have it .
Last thing in the world I want is to be accused of starving the Hawley clan .
Might ruin my image in the community . ”


Phoebe almost buckled under his sarcasm .
“ Are you ever gonna get over bein ’ mad ? ”


“ What I ’ m going to get over is you . ”


“ I was wrong .
Hidin ’ my motives from you . ”


“ Makes my heart swell with Morgan pride hearing you confess the error of your ways . ”


Hawley vainglory may have been conjured out of thin air , but gumption within Phoebe was solid as good concrete .
It was so hard and thick in her she could taste it .
She saw Gage through the haze of recent memory , their love and loving slowly disintegrating , breaking into hundreds of tiny fragments .
The kitchen was warm .
She was cold and she gambled it all .


“ I ai n’t grovelin ’ .
I ai n’t beggin ’ . ”
She was holding herself stiff as a metal rod , her fists clenched .
“ I ai n’t beggin ’ anyone for anything !
You do n’t want me , ever .
Say so .
Say it plain without soakin ’ your words in meanness .
Just plain up and say goodbye .
I wo n’t even speak to you on the street . ”


“ Phoebe ! ”


The voice came from behind her and was filled with panic .


Phoebe did n’t take her eyes from Gage .
“ Go back to bed , Maydean .
Now ! ”


“ Erlene ’s gone . ”


For a moment everything went out of focus .
Phoebe felt scared .
But Gage was standing there , looking at her , seemingly holding his breath , his mouth so close to shaping words she did n’t dare move .


“ I ’ll help you look for your sister , ” he said .
“ If she ’s slipped outside she could get hurt in the yard . ”


“ Check all the bedrooms , Maydean . ”


“ I already did .
An ’ the living room and the bathroom .
She ai n’t in the house .
I thought she was in here with you and Gage .
That ’s why — ”


Gage went out the door .


Shaken , Phoebe untensed all in a rush .
“ Go wake Ma and Dorie .
They can help us look . ”


Two hours later , the sun was full up , pouring heat and humidity all over the South and there was still no sign of Erlene .


“ She ’s drowned ! ” wailed Annabelle .
“ She walked off the land into the water and just kept on walkin ’ till the ocean swallowed her up . ”


Phoebe stroked her mother ’s arm .
“ She would n’t do that , Ma .
She do n’t hardly like to take a bath . ”


“ Erlene wanders off and wanders back , ” put in Elmo .
He crabbed on his walking sticks to the kitchen table and sat down .
“ In between times , can we eat ? ”


“ Maybe she got snakebit and — ”


“ Shush that , Willie - Boy . ”
Phoebe glanced up as Gage entered the kitchen .
He shook his head .


“ I searched the far reaches of the yard .
The gate was open — ”


Phoebe gripped the back of a chair to steady herself .
“ I did n’t lock it last night , and you — ” Gage had been in his room .
The thought brought all that was unsettled between them rushing into her mind .
“ That ’s what Erlene ’s done .
Wandered outside the yard .
I ’ll take the truck — ”


“ Willie - Boy and I can ride our bikes and look , ” said Dorie .
“ We can go down to the point . ”


“ If it ’s all right with your pa , ” Phoebe said , watching Gage for his reaction .
He nodded .


Phoebe hated laying out her sister ’s shortcomings in front of Gage .
But Erlene could n’t help being simpleminded .
“ I ’ll take all the side roads .
We may have to knock on doors .
Erlene will follow a cat or dog … ”


“ Or them funny lookin ’ birds , ” put in Annabelle , looking out the door as a flock of pelicans skimmed the surface of the estuary .


“ I ’ll start up at the main road and work my way back , ” Gage said .


“ What about work ? ”


“ It ’ll keep . ”


“ Did we look under beds ? ” asked Annabelle distractedly .
“ I recall that once — ”


“ We did , Ma .
Make some coffee and sandwiches , why do n’t you ? ”


Annabelle brightened .
“ I will .
I ’ll fry bacon .
Bacon frying all ’ us brings Erlene quick as a flea . ”


“ I ca n’t put in no garden on an empty stomach , ” said Elmo .


Phoebe looked at Gage over the heads of her family .
She wondered what he thought of them all , what thoughts he had of her .
She wondered most of all what his answer would ’ve been had Maydean not burst in on them .
He walked beside her to where their trucks were parked .
Phoebe was careful their arms did n’t brush or touch .
“ I ’ m sorry about the trouble with Erlene , ” she said .


“ It ’s not your fault .
Or anybody ’s that I can see .
I ’ll check back about every twenty minutes . ”


“ Erlene ’s the reason I ca n’t leave Ma and Pa to their own devices , ” she stated , feeling that her words were assuring her of lifelong separation from Gage .
She could n’t fault him for that .
Erlene was a responsibility no man would be willing to take on .
And Erlene would need a lookout until the day she died .


Phoebe saw the frown on Gage ’s brow deepen , saw the pained look he gave her .
Words could n’t have said more .


Woeful , she turned away and climbed into her truck .
He was never going to forgive her .
She ’d just have to live with it .


* * *


Hours later , heartsick and weary Phoebe plopped down on the porch stoop .
“ Mayhap now we ’ll have to call the police . ”


Ma hovered .
Pa sat in a straight - backed chair he ’d hauled to the front porch .
Dorie and Willie - Boy were riding their bikes in circles in front of the junkyard gate .
Watching them made Phoebe dizzy .


“ The police might have already picked her up , ” said Gage .
“ We should ’ve called them earlier . ”


Phoebe gave Gage a thankful look .
He was being polite , helpful , not taking the anger he held against herself out on her folks .


“ The police might send her away ! ” cried Annabelle .


Phoebe got up and consoled her mother .
“ No they would n’t , I do n’t think .
But sometimes Erlene ca n’t recall she ’s a Hawley .
Why , she might be sittin ’ in the station this very minute havin ’ herself a high old time .
I ’ll go call .
And , Ma , why do n’t you fix some lunch ? ”


“ Wo n’t do no good .
Bacon did n’t call Erlene in , wo n’t nothin ’ now . ”


“ I worry better on a full stomach , ” said Elmo .


Dorie and Willie - Boy came racing up to the porch .
“ Erlene ’s comin ’ ! ”


Erlene came skipping through the gate , holding the hand of — Phoebe thought her eyes were deceiving her .
It was Stout ’s hand that Erlene was swinging with gay abandon .


“ This is my new friend , ” Erlene said , including everyone in one of her wonderful smiles .
“ Her name ’s Marianna . ”
She looked at Stout .
“ That ’s right , ai n’t it ? ”


Stout ’s red face blossomed a deeper shade .
“ That ’s right , honey . ”


“ I never thought to ask at the crab house , ” said Phoebe .


“ She did just fine , ” said Stout .


“ Fine at what ? ” chorused Phoebe and Annabelle .


“ I learned a new game , did n’t I , Marianna ?
Anybody can play .
You get in line , then you have to sit down and the one who fills up the pots first gets money .
Look . ”
Erlene held out a handful of bills .
“ Oh !
I lost my quarter .
I had a quarter .
I have to find my quarter . ”


Phoebe took hold of Erlene .
“ I ’ll send Willie - Boy and Dorie to find it .
You just stay here and tell us — ”


“ Hank put her to work , ” said Stout .
“ I picked up right away that she was … was … she was so eager , I just let her pick .
Lord , can she pick .
She told Hank she was Erlene Hawley .
Hank said he ’d put a Hawley to work any day of the week .
He says she can work all she wants . ”
Stout appeared suddenly embarrassed .
“ I ’ll look after her .
It ai n’t no trouble to me . ”
Her face kept blooming .
“ I got to get back .
My husband ’ll be by to pick me up any minute . ”


Erlene started to cry .
“ Stay and play with me . ”


“ In the morning , ” Stout said , retrieving her hand , then apropos of nothing she said , “ I had me a daughter once .
Lost her to rheumatic fever when she was six . ”
She patted Erlene on the shoulder .
“ You be ready at seven o’ clock , I ’ll come get you . ”


Confused , Erlene pleaded .
“ I do n’t know seven o’ clock . ”


“ I ’ll have her ready , ” said Phoebe .
“ And , Stout — I mean , Marianna — thank you . ”
They all watched for a moment as the heavyset woman shuffled off .
Phoebe sighed .
“ I see what happened .
Erlene saw the pickers waitin ’ to go to work out in front of the crab house .
Her curiosity did the rest . ”
Phoebe handed Erlene ’s money to Annabelle .
“ We ’ll add this to what I already got , Ma .
It ’ll rent us a nice place . ”


“ Imagine !
Erlene earnin ’ money . ”
Annabelle glowed .
“ Maybe Erlene ai n’t as loose - minded as we first suspected . ”


“ Maybe not .
Maydean , you help Erlene get a bath .
I got to get us packed up . ”
Phoebe shot a glance at Gage , but his expression was unreadable .
Probably glad he was escaping the Hawleys .
Marry one and you married them all .
She could see now that was asking too much of any man .
Her heart wrenched , but she smiled at him anyway .


He did n’t smile back .


* Chapter 11 Chapter 11 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 11


Phoebe held up the eyelet - trimmed dress and inspected its lines against her body .
She ’d pack it last .
That ’d make it seem as if she were holding onto her dream — and Gage — a little longer .
Her throat was closed up so tightly , she could n’t even cry .


“ That ’s a pretty dress . ”


Phoebe spun around .
Gage closed the door and leaned against it .
Phoebe caressed him with her eyes , soaking up his image to take with her .
“ Guess it do n’t matter if you see it now .
Bad luck was trailin ’ me afore I ever bought it . ”


“ We have a conversation to finish . ”


“ We do n’t .
I already know what your answer is gonna be .
I do n’t fault you for it .
But I take back what I said .
I ’ll speak to you on the street .
I appreciate you helpin ’ look for Erlene .
I guess you can tell she ’s loose - minded . ”


“ No more than me . ”


Phoebe ’s head came up .
“ I never noted any signs — ”


Gage laughed softly .
“ Well , I ’d say I ’ m more along the lines of a horse ’s ass .
I wanted to punish you , make you suffer — ”


“ You sure did that .
I ’ve been about as miserable as a tadpole in a dry hole . ”


“ You did con me , ” he continued .
“ But the things about you that I like … love — your loyalty , your family spirit — that ’s something no one ’s ever given to me until you offered it .
I like what your love means .
You ’re important to your family .
They need you .
You ’re important to me .
Dorie , too . ”
He exhaled slowly .
“ I need you , Phoebe .
I do n’t want to live without you . ”


Phoebe was n’t sure she was hearing what she was hearing .
She was scared to move , scared to breathe .
Her heart began to pound .
She wanted it to stop so the noise would n’t distract her .


Her knees were acting up .
She sat down on the edge of the bed .
“ You ’re not mad at me anymore ? ”


“ I ’ m furious . ”


Phoebe ’s “ oh ” was scarcely a thread of sound .


“ But not so furious and stupid that I want to give up what we had — have .
That is , if — ”


It was her backbone , not the limp rags that were her legs that got her across the room and into his arms .
“ Gage ! ”


“ Oh , hell .
Do n’t start crying . ”


“ I thought I ’d lost you forever . ”
Her hands began to roam , touching , feeling , assuring herself that he was real , solid , that she was n’t wishing so hard she was dreaming his presence .


His hands gripped her shoulders , held her away from him .
“ No more sly secrets ? ”


“ Nary a one . Ever . Do n’t hold me away from you .
Let me touch you . ”
She reached for him .


“ Not there , dammit !
There ’s too many ears in this house . ”


“ One feel ? ”


“ No . Sit over there in the chair .
I want to talk to you about your family .
While I was driving around looking for Erlene , I had an idea . ”


“ Your tallywhacker ’s up .
I can see it . ”


“ I ’ve lost ten pounds to worry and sex since we met .
Do you want a bridegroom who ca n’t keep his pants up during the wedding ? ”


“ Pa ’ll loan you his suspenders . ”


Gage ’s throat constricted .
“ You ’re heartless . ”
He was wavering .


Phoebe reached around him and locked the door .
“ I just want to show you how much I love you .
How much I ’ll always love you .
I do n’t know any other way to show you .
And , anyway , ” she whispered , “ I ’ve been so scared .
I ’ve never loved anyone as hard as I love you . ”


Gage pushed her down on the bed and held her still with his body .
“ I know .
I knew it without you having to say it . ”


“ Just give me one teensy - weensy kiss .
I wo n’t ask for nothin ’ more .
Then you can tell me your idea . ”


* Chapter 12 Chapter 12 { { { 1 # # #


# # Chapter 12


Phoebe picked up Gage ’s hand and kissed his callouses .
“ Do n’t call me Phoebe or darlin ’ .
Call me Mrs . Morgan .
I got to get used to it . ”


“ You have an entire lifetime to get used to it . ”
He sighed and began to loosen his tie .
“ I ’ m glad everyone ’s gone .
I thought they ’d never leave . ”


Phoebe laughed .
“ It was the food .
Ma sure can cook .
There ’d been extra guests at the wedding .
On Erlene ’s account , Marianna Stout and her husband had been invited .
Phoebe then felt obliged to ask Essie and her husband and Gage had asked Truman Martin to be his best man .
The best man ’s wife was Belle Martin who tried to over - kiss the groom .
But Phoebe had shot her dagger - looks , besides using her elbow to good advantage .
Maydean begged to invite Becky and the girl ’s parents came too , driving through the junkyard gate in the shiny convertible that had Maydean all agog .
Gage knew Becky ’s daddy .
Carlin Marshal owned a used car lot , and Gage had bought Velma ’s car from him .
They were nice people , and Mrs . Marshal taught Sunday school at the Baptist Church .
Twelve - year - old Becky was as homely as worn shoe leather .
She had round owl - like eyes and limp brown hair .
Phoebe vowed to put a bug in Maydean ’s ear to watch out for un - Christian envy .
She suspected Becky was stuffed to the gills with it over a prettier Maydean .


Phoebe went to the screen door and peered out .
Gage ’s idea had been a mobile home , used but nice , complete with appliances and a built - in air conditioner .
Ma was ecstatic .


Gage had hired a crew to clear off a lot and set the trailer up a hundred yards away — hollering distance , but not so close as to mar their own privacy .
Not that the distance kept Maydean , Willie - Boy , and Dorie from running in and out .
But now when Ma came over to the Morgans ’ , she knocked on the door and hallo ’d before steppin ’ inside .


Ma was working at the crab house with Erlene .
And Pa , good at sitting in one spot for hours on end , occupied the cash shack , which freed Gage from interruptions to concentrate on repairing propellers and bent drive shafts .


Phoebe hugged herself .
She did n’t think there was a happier woman on the face of the earth .
Yet , there was one niggling thing at the back of her mind and what with all the cooking and cleaning and getting ready for the wedding , she had not found time to discuss it .


“ While you ’re standing there , put the latch on that door , ” said Gage .


Phoebe did his bidding and turned to face him .
The length and breadth of him in his wedding suit took her breath away .
“ You look so handsome . ”


“ You look good enough to eat . ”
He patted the sofa cushion .
“ Come over here . ”


“ In a minute .
I got somethin ’ on my mind . ”


“ Uh oh . ”


“ Do n’t take on so .
It ’s just you know all about the Hawleys all the way back to Cuthbert and I do n’t know about your folks . ”


He smiled .
Phoebe closed her eyes against the pull of his kissin ’ lips .


“ Ah .
You ’re worried a little Morgan might dilute Hawley blood and Hawley pride . ”


“ No , I ai n’t .
I ’ m lettin ’ up on Hawley pride .
I let it get in the way of my good sense and almost lost you . ”
Phoebe gave in and sat on the sofa , snuggling into his arms .
“ We ought to take off our good clothes . ”


He nibbled on her ear .
“ That ’s the best suggestion you ’ve made in ten days . ”


“ Wo n’t make another either , if you do n’t tell me about your folks . ”


Gage exhaled .
“ My daddy was a barge tender .
He foundered in a freak storm on the Intracoastal and drowned .
I was about six .
Mom passed on when I was about ten .
She ’d suffered rheumatic fever when she was ‘ bout Dorie ’s age and complications caught up to her .
After that , it was just me and my grandfather .
Right here .
Before that were my great - grandparents .
There ’s a land book in the County Tax Assessor ’s office shows my great - granddaddy bought forty - two acres on the estuary from a Theron Combel 1899 .
I do n’t know before that .
Or maybe there ’s something in the family Bible .
You can look .
Will that do ?
I ’ve got other things on my mind .
I got married today , in case you ’ve forgotten . ”


“ Peckish wo n’t get you anywhere but sittin ’ in front of the TV .
I ’ve been squirrelin ’ away a thought since I first laid eyes on your junkyard and I got to know . ” _Forty - two acres ? _
Phoebe felt weak .
Gage ’s rusted old junk was atop forty - two acres of prime bottomland ?
She saw forty - two acres of corn , tassels waving in the breeze — a fat cash crop , like her crabs .


Gage pulled away , folded his hands over his belt , laid his head back on the sofa , and stared at the ceiling .
“ I ’ m listening . ”


“ We ’ve got to consider the future — ”


Gage looked at her from beneath shuttered lids and frowned .
“ Today ?
Right this minute ?
I do n’t think so . ”


Phoebe leaped to her feet .
If she stayed put next to him , he was going to get his way every time , no doubt .
Her stomach was fluttering something awful and the fluttering was heading south .


“ We ’ve got Dorie to raise and educate .
An ’ I got to help Ma ’ n Pa with Willie - Boy and Maydean .
An ’ Maydean ’s got her mind set on bein ’ uppity .
She ’s dead set on bein ’ a beauty queen and goin ’ to college .
Dorie most likely will follow right behind her , lovin ’ face paint like she does .
I spec Willie - Boy will be happy to just follow in your footsteps , learnin ’ to weld and all . ”


“ Is that it ? ”


“ I ’ m comin ’ to it . ”


“ Not if you keep walking backward to get there . ”


Phoebe ’s pillow lips drew up to the size of a pea .
“ If all of them pieces of rusted - out cars and hubcaps an ’ such was swept off that good dirt , I could plant a crop of corn .
Folks like fresh corn .
That ’d be money in the bank .
You could get that old tractor runnin ’ … ”
A thought ran into her mind .
All that junk might be a comfort to him .
Some folks held onto things that were fair useless , like Pa , storing away a seventy - year - old National Geographic with the picture of his grampa an ’ a bunch of other men standin ’ around a felled tree at the edge of a swamp he had never seen .
An ’ Ma , pressing a yellowed lace collar in the back of the family bible , believing it belonged to her grandma three times removed .
“ But if you ’re attached to all that junk , I wo n’t say another word . ”


Gage laughed .


Phoebe frowned .
“ What ’s funny . ”


“ I ’ll sell it . ”


“ The way you been sellin ’ it I ’ll be older ’ n Ma by the time you cleared it off .
That ai n’t what I had in mind . ”


“ Phoebe , that junk is rusted gold .
I ’ll sell it as scrap .
I ’ll clear five acres a year .
Otherwise taxes … ”


“ Government taxes ? ”


“ Income taxes , Phoebe .
There ’s a quarter - million dollars ’ worth of steel , aluminum , and pig iron — ”


Phoebe felt faint .
She collapsed on the sofa next to Gage , mute .


Gage slid his arm around her trembling shoulders .
“ That ’s better , Mrs . Morgan . ”
He nuzzled her neck .
“ Mmmm , you sure do smell nice . ”


Phoebe did n’t hear a word .
Her ears were plugged trying to get her mind around a million of anything .
A million lovebugs squashed on her truck ’s windshield was easy .
Gnats and fire ants were easy .
Everybody knew there were jillions of those pests .


“ Gage , why ai n’t you ever sold any of that stuff before ? ”


“ I never had a wife who wanted to plant corn .
Are you going to give me grief over five acres ? ”


“ No , ” Phoebe said fervently .
“ I ai n’t never goin ’ to give you any grief . ”
She understood Gage now .
He could toss out sums she never imagined without a second thought because he trusted her to keep it to herself .
And , she would .
Morgan pride was different , less boastful and quieter than Hawley pride .
Yet , Gage ’s backbone and callouses and honesty spoke volumes .
She adjusted herself so that she could unbutton his shirt and run her fingertips through the hair on his chest .
“ It ’s wonderful being married … wonderful … ”


Gage said , “ I ’ m out of my mind with wanting you .
I ’ve never been so turned on by anyone , and for the life of me I ca n’t figure out why .
Watching you haul in crabs , hanging out clothes … damn !
I kept thinking I ’d go out in the boat with you or drag you behind the chicken coop . ”


“ I stayed outta your bed because I did n’t want you lookin ’ peaked when we got married . ”


Gage raised his head .
“ Do I look peaked to you ? ”


Phoebe gave him a slow smile .
“ Parts of you do . ”


“ Which part is that ? ”


“ It ’s covered up , but I can see it just beggin ’ to get out . ”


“ Let ’s go in our bedroom and turn it loose . ”


“ I ’ m never gonna turn it loose . ”


Gage sagged a little .
He ’d have to start taking vitamins .
One every single day for the rest of his life .


A few minutes later , Phoebe asked , “ Are you truly happy , Gage ? ”
He was already naked , lying propped on pillows .


“ I ’ m unhappy .
Happy will be when you get in this bed with me . ”


Phoebe took her wedding clothes off slowly .
Naked , liking the response she was drawing from Gage , she paraded across the room and pulled down the shade .
“ I told Ma when she saw the shade go up , she could send Dorie home . ”


“ The way I ’ m feeling that might be a week from now . ”


“ That ’s ahead of it , Gage .
Afterward , you just want to sleep . ”


“ Allow this man his dreams , Phoebe .
Now get up here . ”


She stood at the foot of the bed , eyeing him from head to toe before she crawled up his legs and settled herself upright on a particular part of his anatomy .
Gage closed his eyes and made a soft guttural sound of pleasure .


“ Is it all right if I just sit here a minute ? ”


His eyes flew open , focused an instant on her face , then on her pert shapely breasts .
“ No , it ’s not all right . ”
His insides were beginning to hum , his hips arched .


“ Tell me exactly what you ’re feeling right this second . ”


“ Incredible pain , ” he whispered .
“ Move a little bit this way .
Yes , that ’s better .
Now a little that way . ”


A gnawing urgency began working its way up Phoebe ’s spine .
“ But , that ’s doing it ! ”


His lips curled into a lazy grin .
“ My , but you catch on quick . ”
He put his hands on her waist and pulled her down , glorying in the feel of her flesh against his own .


Hawley pride and _two_ vitamins a day .
He could get through life on that .
Maybe .


Thank you so much for taking the time to read _Finding Home . _
If you enjoyed it , please consider telling your friends and posting a short review on [ BookBub . com ] ( https : / / www . bookbub . com / authors / jackie - weger ) and / or [ Goodreads . com ] ( https : / / www . goodreads . com / author / show / 535635 . Jackie_Weger ) , as word of mouth is an author ’s best friend and much appreciated .


For more books by Jackie , please visit her author page : [ www . WrittenMusings . com / JackieWeger ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / jackieweger . html ) .


* Before you go …
Before you go … { { { 1 # # # 1


# Before you go …


Thank you so much for reading _Finding Home_ .
If you enjoyed it , you can find more books from Jackie and be the first to know about new releases , promotions and giveaways by following one of her author pages listed .


[ www . BookBub . com / authors / Jackie - Weger ] ( https : / / www . bookbub . com / authors / jackie - weger ? follow = true )


[ www . WrittenMusings . com / JackieWeger ] ( https : / / www . writtenmusings . com / jackieweger . html )


* About the Author About the Author { { { 1 # # # 2


# About the Author


I hate writing these dang bios .
I was born , I ’ m still living .
That ought to be enough .
I once was married , but now I ’ m not .
I raised five kids , but they did n’t like the way they were raised , so now I just raise tomatoes .
I write old - fashioned novels , funny or sad , wordy old things , full of clichés because I know what they mean and you do , too .
The muscle I most admire in a man is between his ears , so I do n’t write titillating sex scenes because you already know where the body parts go and you do n’t need an anatomy lesson from me .
As I recall bedroom events , it was fifteen minutes and he turned over and went to sleep .
I got up , changed diapers or washed dishes or ironed my clothes for work the next day .


I do n’t write about bad boys because bad boys are self - centered , eat Stupid for Breakfast , make bad men and worse fathers .
I anchor my stories with good girls yearning to find an honest , hard - working man of integrity so they can have babies , stay home , and go to yard sales , join the PTA , watch soap operas or reality shows — which I never had time to do .


I ’ m gonna tell you straight up — I know I am not current about so many amazing innovations such as cell phones , computers and all sorts of digital and wireless applications .
About the time all of these innovations were coming online , life as I knew it was interrupted for years on end in the care of my elderly parents , a chronically ill daughter , and a son who was burned in a fire .
When I had a spare minute , I napped .
I will never be up - to - date on things like Podcasts and talking books because I ’ m deaf .
It does n’t hurt , often is n’t noticeable and I read lips in two languages .


Later in my life I moved to Central America where I lived first on an island off the coast of Panama , and later in a dry Pacific Rainforest — except it is seldom truly dry .
I lived as many of the natives in a small village carved out of the jungle .
During the day , I sheltered beneath a thatched - roofed bohio , cooked with wood on a native stove , bathed in the River Camito , dispatched snakes with a machete and harvested mandarinas , oranges , bananas , mangos and coffee .
At dusk , I retired to my recama , a minuscule sleeping room where I read by lantern or candlelight .
I slept beneath a net while overhead tiny fruit bats taught their young to fly and geckos scampered over walls .
I sometimes volunteered at a Sisters of Mercy Mission where the focus was on Kuna Indian woman and children .
Once I ’d saved enough money to give myself a new start stateside , I returned to discover a new innovation — the eReader .


I love ebooks .
In my earlier life , I wrote Romance novels for Harlequin and once had a couple million books in print worldwide .
Venturing into the universe of eBooks and indie authorship is awesome .
Who knew ?
It ’s as if God took his eye off the sparrow and pointed at me and said : “ Okay , your turn . ”
I am in the autumn of my life now and enjoy what I do .
Lucky me .
Yet , like most women , I ’ve had to make my own luck .
The single thing I ’ve learned to do in good times and bad was build a cozy nest for myself inside my life .
I ’ve discovered most of us do just that .
Women in adversity are some of the most amazing creatures on our good earth .


Thank you again for reading my books .
Wishing you and yours the best life has to offer .


Connect with me on one of my online homes :


[ www . Twitter . com / JackieWeger ] ( https : / / twitter . com / jackieweger )


[ www .
Facebook . com / AccentOnRomance ] ( https : / / www . facebook . com / accentonromance )







